---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

Thursday, October 25, 2001

10:58 AM

A day off from being a week in on 'Europe-Fall01' and I thought I'd take some inventory:

Music brought for the soundtrack to UF01, but almost never listened to because radio in Europe is really good and whatever is on the radio over here always becomes our soundtrack for that trip (for example our Bravo double CD from our spring trip 01):

1.	U2 - All that you can't leave behind
2.	Nelly Furtado - Whoa, Nelly!
3.	Joey McIntyre - Meet Joe Mac
4.	David Gray - White Ladder
5.	Five For Fighting - America Town
6.	Jeffrey Gaines - self titled
7.	Christopher Williams - One man service station
8.	Over the Rhine - Films for radio
9.	and a lot of mp3's :)

Things just plain forgotten:

1.	Power adapter, without which computer no good. Solution: our hosts Maria and Peter went and got one for us.
2.	Floppy disk, for transferring journal from computer to internet-connected computer. Solution: no problem, floppies laying about.
3.	Cotton balls. Solution: makeup remover cotton thingies approx. 50 cents for big package in Slovakia.
4.	European Road Atlas. Solution: bummed one.
5.	Invisible Monsters book. Wanted to read it on this trip. Darn. Solution: maybe I'll get through my library book instead.
6.	Anti-itch cream. Reason: it's cold here, no sweating, no itching, me thought. Facts: under blanket at night still sweat like crazy, even thought w/o blanket you freeze; still sweat carrying luggage all over London in the tubes, which feel like 100 degrees F at all times!

Other statistics:
1.	Small packages of Kleenex gone through week one: 2-3
2.	Zinc tablets: 1/day
3.	On second pair of jeans.
4.	Days leather jacket needed thus far: 2
5.	Projected future use of leather jacket: 100%
6.	Full meals actually paid for: 1
7.	Meat intake increase: 500%
8.	Magazine purchases: 2, both for Daniel
9.	Bed making time per day: down 100%
10.	Time wondering why the rest of the world hasn't figured out to do bed linens in the European way: up 100%


Miriam has these cards that on one hand are kind of cheesy but on the other hand are totally cool. I like things like that. Here's what they say:

<blockquote>
How to be an artist

Stay loose. Learn to watch snails. Plant impossible gardens. Invite someone dangerous to tea. Make little signs that say Yes! and post them all over your house. Make friends with freedom and uncertainty. Look forward to dreams. Cry during movies. Swing as high as you can on a swingset, by moonlight. Cultivate moods. Refuse to "be responsible." Do it for love. Take lots of naps. Give money away. Do it now. The money will follow. Believe in magic. Laugh a lot. Celebrate every gorgeous moment. Take moonbaths. Have wild imaginings. Transformative dreams. And perfect calm. Draw on the walls. Read everyday. Imagine yourself magic. Giggle with children. Listen to old people. Open up. Dive in. be free. With everything. Entertain your inner child. You are innocent. Build a fort with blankets. Get wet. Hug trees. Write love letters.
</blockquote>


I've had some time to consider all the things I love about Miriam lately. There have been plenty of beautiful women cross my path on this trip. Any trip to Bratislava has that result. But every day I'm with Miriam, I realize a little more how perfect she is for me. How much I truly love her personality. How beautiful she is. She got hit on yesterday! How funny. How much I trust her. How much we compliment each other.

Life is good sometimes.

Like now.

Peace to you and love one another.





