---
author: dealingwith
date: '2001-09-19 17:41:00'
layout: post
slug: '17'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '17'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

**5. New storytelling**

[http://turbulence.org/Works/media/index.html (explore links within) ][1]

Turbulence is a site devoted to web art. It is exploring the idea of story
within this context. It is perhaps in the integration of play, storytelling
and art where these ideas of non-linear storytelling could be most profoundly
realized. And of course those three areas effect every other area of our
lives.


The trends in storytelling over the last 20-30 years have mirrored to some
extent the postmodern shift in culture and philosophy, and I believe that
these trends point to a future of increasingly disjointed and non-linear story
and informational processes. The purpose of this section is to help you along
to the conclusions already drawn out in section 1.


[http://www.submethod.com/ ][2]

“Layered Narrative.” Really allows the person experiencing it to create their
own stories and meanings.


[http://www.turbulence.org/Works/apartment/index.html# (view "about") ][3]

“The Apartment.” Explores the relationship between words and space to create
new meanings and stories within the space of the Web.


[http://www.thecomicreader.com/html/icst/icst-6/icst-6.html ][4]

[http://www.scottmccloud.com/comics/comics.html ][5]

[http://www.scottmccloud.com/inventions/machine/machine.html][6]

Scott McCloud is a comic book writer and illustrator who has really thought
about the use of the web as a storytelling medium. He has some very valid and
interesting thoughts and comments about the use of the web. While his ideas
apply most directly to comics, as much as comics are stories it applies 100%
to non-linear story and storytelling in general. His “story machine” invention
also makes use of some of the concepts of non-linear story. In fact it is very
much like a hand-made version of the desktop software being spec’ed out here,
on a very abstract scale.


[http://www.blogger.com/ ][7]

While web logs, or blogs, are linear in their presentation, the entire
experience at Blogger is very integrated and in some ways, non-linear. Users
can quickly publish web content through Blogger’s intuitive web interface, and
the content page is updated. It is perfect for news, or for a project like
this one (hosted on a blog!). An expansion on this concept of blogs could
easily incorporate non-linear process in a web content management and
interactivity system (see 10).

![][8]

   [1]: http://turbulence.org/Works/media/index.html

   [2]: http://www.submethod.com/

   [3]: http://www.turbulence.org/Works/apartment/index.html#

   [4]: http://www.thecomicreader.com/html/icst/icst-6/icst-6.html

   [5]: http://www.scottmccloud.com/comics/comics.html

   [6]: http://www.scottmccloud.com/inventions/machine/machine.html

   [7]: http://www.blogger.com/

   [8]:

