---
author: dealingwith
date: '2001-09-19 22:30:00'
layout: post
slug: '39'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '3093'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

**11. Christopher Nolan **


Christopher Nolan wrote and directed a film called Momento. Momento has one
storyline that starts at the "end" and goes backward, and another that starts
at the "beginning" and goes forward. It's non-linear. It's cool. It's ahead of
its time. But that's what makes it so cool. And storytelling is only getting
more and more non-linear.


From an interview on BBC Online by David Wood:

Q (Wood): The film takes a non-linear approach toward narrative...

A (Nolan): Film makers should be able to experiment with narrative without
alienating the audience and without creating something that's impenetrable. I
actually see myself as a very mainstream film maker and always have. Even
though you aren't going to get the answers to all of the questions in the film
and it is a kind of unsettling film in lots of ways, if you watch it a couple
of times it's pretty much all in there. One of the things I've been most
satisfied by the film - after having now watched it with various festival
audiences - is that it really lives on in people's heads.


From a review by Joe McGovern:

"Memento, resultantly, is both a tautly wound, if occasionally potmarked,
psychological brain-teaser and an imaginative, near-fully realized experiment
in bent-backwards narrative storytelling...Opening with its epilogue, the
movie has almost no discernible structure. While comparisons have been made to
Harold Pinter’s play Betrayal, in which the action starts at the end and then
tracks back each consecutive scene until it gets to the beginning, Nolan
pledges that it was not one of his influences. And that would make sense,
since the purpose of Memento’s non-linear narrative is to illustrate the
frenzy and perversion of the world through the eyes of someone with such a
condition, while Pinter’s goal was more or less to show the long-term
degeneration of a relationship in reverse."


Best quote from the movie:

“How can you begin to heal if you can’t feel time?”

![][1]

   [1]:

