---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

<b>Comment</b>
<i>Providing you the public service of teaching you all the Bosnian I know</i>

Today I really did <a href="http://www.danielsjourney.com/index.php?archive=2002_10_01_archive.xml&id_pass=82417270"><i>apsurdne posoriste</i></a> in my little 1.5hr class. I acted out each part in full drama...

I'm calling this one <i>the secret</i>, part 2 in the <i>cheese series</i>:

Momak Jeden: Gdje je to?
 <i>Dude one: Where is it?</i>
Momak Dva: To je ovdje.
 <i>Dude two: It's here.</i>
1: Da li je to novo?
 <i>Is it new?</i>
2: Da, to je novo.
 <i>Yeah, it's new.</i>
1: To je lijepo.
 <i>It's beautiful.</i>
2: Da, to je vrlo lijepo.
 <i>Yeah, it's really beautiful.</i>
1: Zelim to.
 <i>I want it.</i>
2: Trebas to?
 <i>Do you neeeed it?</i>
1: Da, ja volim to.
 <i>Yeah, I love it.</i>
2: Vidim.
 <i>I seeee</i>
1: Oprostite?
 <i>Excuse me?</i>
2: Da?
1: Sta je to?
 <i>What is it?</i>

Now I just have to pause to say three things real quick: 1) This whole thing started because I couldn't keep <i>gdje</i> (where?) and <i>ovdje</i> (here) straight in my head, so I had written the first two sentences in my book to help me. Then it just kinda ran. 2) I need to embed Bosnian fonts or something because it really needs the accent marks--not that you would know how to pronounce it anyway! :) and 3) I'm realizing how much this is like Jon's <a href="http://www.sevenmagazine.org/march02/lady.html">Lady in Red skit</a>. What a great influence! The trouper himself! :) ...and the uninvited point 4) The next part was written a day after the first part...

2: Prekjucer to je bila riba.
 <i>The day before yesterday it was a fish.</i>
1: Sta je bilo jucer?
 <i>What was it yesterday?</i>
2: Jucer je bilo pivo.
 <i>Yesterday it was a beer.</i>
1: Sta je to danas?
 <i>What is it today?</i>
2: To je tajna
 <i>That's a secret.</i>
1: Znam li tu tajnu?
 <i>Do I know that secret?</i>
2: Ne znas.
 <i>You don't know.</i>
1: Znam tajnu.
 <i>I know the secret.</i>
2: Da? Sta je tajna?
 <i>Yeah? What's the secret?</i>
1: To je orah.
 <i>It's a walnut.</i>
2: Ne, ti ne znas tajnu.
 <i>Nope, you don't know the secret.</i>
1: Zar nije to orah?
 <i>Isn't that a walnut?</i>
2: Ne, to nije orah.
1: To je sir.
 <i>It's cheese.</i>
2: Ne, to nije sir.
1: Ja mislim to je sir.
 <i>I know that's cheese.</i>
2: To nije sir.
1: To je sir!
2: Ne.
1: Ja cu to jesti!
 <i>I'm going to eat it!</i>
2: Ti ne zelis to jesti.
 <i>You don't want to eat it.</i>
1: Ja cu to jesti sada!
 <i>I'm going to eat it right now!</i>
2: Ja ne mislim da ti zelis to jesti...
 <i>I don't think you want to eat it...</i>
(Momak to jede.)
 <i>Dude eats it.</i>
1: Fuj! To je strasno!
 <i>Yuk! It's terrible!</i>
2: Vidis?
 <i>See?</i>
1: Fuj!
2: Ja pjevam: "Ti ne zelis to jesti!"
 <i>I sing:</i> (sing) <i>"You don't want to eat it!"</i>
1: Sta je to?
2: Ti trebas vodu.
 <i>You need water.</i> (fetch water)
1: Sta je to bilo?
 <i>What was that?</i>
2: Popij malu vode.
 <i>Drink a little water.</i>
1: To je smece!
 <i>That's trash!</i> (read: shit; but I don't know that word yet)
2: Sada znas tajnu.
 <i>Now you know the secret.</i>
1: To je strasno smece!
2: Da li doruckujes dobro?
 <i>Are you having a nice breakfast?</i> (laugh mockingly)
1: Strasno!
2: Sada idem. Cau!
 <i>Now I go. Ciao!</i>
...
Momak 3: Sta je to?
1: To je tajna....

