---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

<div style="background: url(http://www.christianpornmachine.com/chucksign.jpg);">

<i>Imagining:</i> <b>Why you must pay attention</b>

<b><a href="http://www.chuckpalahniuk.net/">Chuck Palahniuk</a></b> is my absolute favorite author and of so much cultural importance it is hard to tolerate anyone who dismisses his work. Will have to expand on this more tomorrow, I've already talked too much today. But let me just give you some taste, so that you know why you must run out and get his stuff (preferrably through the Amazon links on this site! :).

<i>The only biodiversity we're going to have left is Coke versus Pepsi.</i>

<i>This is just me planting my seeds. ...It's just my generation trying to destroy the existing culture by spreading our own contagion."</i>

<i>Sticks and stones might break my bones, but words can hurt like hell.</i>

<i>The doorbell rings, and the next man drops his baggy shorts and peels off his T-shirt and tells us his name is Hedgehog. The details about Hedgehog include the empty skin shaking on his arms and chest and ass. His curly black pubic hair matches the couple of hairs stuck to my palm after we shake hands.</i>

I gave that last line out of context. Trust me, in context that is the funniest damn thing I've read in a very long time.

I'm about half way through this book right now. It takes a lot for me to not be able to put a book down and be propelled through it like so many xrays through your chest, but I'm just about there with this one.

Inspiring. Amazing. 

I'm jealous. 

</div>

