---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

from <i>The Creative Personality</i> by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Psychology Today, July-August 1996 v29 n4 p36(5)

<blockquote>When we're creative, we feel we are living more fully than during the rest of life. The excitement of the artist at the easel or the scientist in the lab comes close to the ideal fulfillment we all hope to get from life, and so rarely do. Perhaps only sex, sports, music, and religious ecstasy--even when these experiences remain fleeting and leave no trace--provide a profound sense of being part of an entity greater than ourselves. But creativity also leaves an outcome that adds to the richness and complexity of the future...

Here are the 10 antithetical traits often present in creative people that are integrated with each other in a dialectical tension:

<ol><li>Creative people have a great deal of physical energy, but they're also often quiet and at rest.</li><li>Creative people tend to be smart yet naive at the same time.</li><li>Creative people combine playfulness and discipline, or responsibility and irresponsibility.</li><li>Creative people alternate between imagination and fantasy, and a rooted sense of reality. Great art and great science involve a leap of imagination into a world that is different from the present. The rest of society often views these new ideas as fantasies without relevance to the current reality.</li><li>Creative people tend to be both extroverted and introverted.</li><li>Creative people are humble and proud at the same time.</li><li>Creative people, to an extent, escape rigid gender role stereotyping. This tendency toward androgyny is sometimes understood in purely sexual terms, and therefore it gets confused with homosexuality. But psychological androgyny is a much wider concept referring to a sensitive and rigid, dominant and submissive, regardless of gender. A psychologically androgynous person in effect doubles his or her repertoire of responses. Creative individuals are more likely to have not only the strengths of their own gender but those of the other one, too.</li><li>Creative people are both rebellious and conservative. It is impossible to be creative without having first internalized an area of culture. So it's difficult to see how a person can be creative without being both traditional and conservative and at the same time rebellious and iconoclastic. Being only traditional leaves an area unchanged; constantly taking chances without regard to what has been valued in the past rarely leads to novelty that is accepted as an improvement.</li><li>Most creative people are very passionate about their work, yet they can be extremely objective about it as well.</li><li>Creative people's openness and sensitivity often exposes them to suffering and pain, yet also to a great deal of enjoyment. Being alone at the forefront of a discipline also leaves you exposed and vulnerable. Eminence invites criticism and often vicious attacks. When an artist has invested years in making a sculpture, or a scientist in developing a theory, it is devastating if nobody cares. Deep interest and involvement in obscure subjects often goes unrewarded, or even brings on ridicule. Divergent thinking is often perceived as deviant by the majority, and so the creative person may feel isolated and misunderstood.</li></ol></blockquote>

also check out <a href="http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/search-handle-url/index=books&field-author=Csikszentmihalyi%2C%20Mihaly/002-5559700-4805653">"flow" and "creativity"</a>

