---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

had some killer days. the day of my last post was a complete wash...i was laid out on the couch, miserable and watching more tv than i care to admit. i'm almost better by now, just the nagging cough and a little bit of a drippy nose. the sore throat is gone, which is always the most irritating cold symptom, isn't it? and i have some kind of energy; which is a good thing since we're moving today. just one floor down to an unfurnished apartment, but still; we've actually be in process of moving for a few days now...just the kind of thing you want to do when yer sick as a dog.

also had some from out of town guests for the last two days, which was nice except for me being sick and all...got my <a href="http://christianpornmachine.com">CPM</a> t shirt finally.

also a little technical note or two; my dwm at danielsjourney dot com email has been broken since i got back from the UK and i just now found out why (after messing about with it for days): i was in an autoresponder loop with someone else and have 22500 emails on that account. i have to figure out how to just kill those messages, but all this to say that if you are emailing me on dwm at danielsjourney.com please go back to daniel at danielsjourney.com. sorry for all the changes! it sucks but what am i going to do? if it's not viruses it's other problems...and if u have emailed me in the last couple weeks on dwm at danielsjourney then you'll have to resend it on daniel at danielsjourney. thanks.

also blogger sucks and i'm really in a hurry to get onto a new system, either my own or <a href="http://moveabletype.org">MT</a>. the archive index file gets re-written every time you publish in blogger, which is actually a design flaw--there's no need to rewrite it every time you publish, only if it's a new month or if you change the name of your archive file. point is, it also keeps writing the file in error, not listing all the archives and therefore breaking my system here. makes it hard to read the blog if yer more than three days behind! so i am going to work on fixing this kind of thing ASAP, it's just ASAP isn't very S. gotta move today, set up my photography show tomorrow, and we start language training on tuesday...SO...shit...good news is we get DSL in the new apt. on tuesday, too...

cheers, d

