---
layout: post
title: 'more thoughts on SWM etc etc'
categories:
 - design
---

I'm still unsure as to whether when I link to other photography/visual art if it belongs in "Elsewhere" or "Imagining." I just realized that I haven't even deployed my first version categorizing model (it is very close but still in development...I've been working with it for so long I kinda forgot that it's not "live" yet), yet alone the second interation of it which will create rank-order menus based on several categories. Ooo can't wait to get that going. I showed the category-based homepage to my father this weekend and saw the power behind it--really helps the user get to the content they are specifically interested it. Honestly...I was surprised how clear it made things...I'm so used to scanning gobs and gobs of unrelated content and sorting and categorizing them in the my head, creating relationships between all of the information. The Big Idea I've had for well over a year now is a piece of sotware that helps anyone categorize and display that information any way that works for them, creating relationships etc. Finally checked out <a href="http://www.eastgate.com/Tinderbox/">Tinderbox</a> the other day, and didn't see how it possibly accomplished all that its site says it does. Oh well, if only programming was to the point where you could click and drag different prebuilt objects together to create a cool GUI app...my idea is a little bit Outlook, a little bit news aggregate, a little bit Visio, a little bit Tinderbox, a little bit.......oh wait! It's called **the personal computer**! Ha ha ha ha ha............{sound of Daniel going insane}...

**Update**: Sorry for this brain dump. I'm going to get SWM1.0 done and find I'm still 10-15 features behind MT and Radio. Ah, oh well, still thinking farther ahead than that is what keeps me going. I'm still completely baffled, though, why anyone would pay 35 clams a year for Blogger Pro when for 0 clams you can do way more with MT or for 30 clams ONCE you can do more with Radio.
