---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

<a href="http://www.vaux.net/gsindex.htm"> Vaux will always be an unfinished project. </a>What we are doing is constantly evolving, so it is important that thoughts on our exploration, and things we have written along the way can be archived and shared with others. Different spiritualities have always evolved out of different cultures: they are front-ends that gives expression to the same hardware of faith. At Vaux we are interested in discovering an urban spirituality: some way of doing faith that takes the context of the city seriously. Much of the main-stream church has labelled what we do 'alternative.' But we have no interest in being viewed as main-stream by an organisation that is itself so marginal. We are concerned with presenting our faith in a way that our culture would see as mainstream. We believe that this is in continuity with the way of Christ. As a movement considered marginal by the mainstream church, we are open to being trivialised. Many see the 'alternative worship' movement as the last stopping point before total loss of faith for the disaffected and back-slidden. Although dis-interested in how the church sees us, we do believe that in order to stop the terminal haemorrhage of people from faith, the church needs to take what we do seriously, and hence we need to underpin the movement with good theology in praxis: reflections on the nature of God, born out of the things we have experienced. So we want Greyspace to be a place where these reflections can be archived and shared. We want this this to be a resource for people looking into the movement, where they can find liturgies alongside essays, comments and reflections. In short, an alt.worship on-line journal. That's why we want to hear from you: your thoughts, opinions and resources. We look forward to you joining us. 

