---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

<i>last night at dr. dremo's</i>: WHOOooooo Doggies! Holy crapola muthafawker! <a href="http://www.boboroshi.com/">John</a> played guitar with me and he was amazing; he's got that whole tasteful-licks-don't-play-over-the-singing but play-the-crap-out-of-solos with a little U2 thrown in for good measure. Speaking of U2, I could feel the collective gasp when I sang "Bono is prone to posturing..." but "...bug eyes" kinda lightens it up really quick. :)  Anyway, another new friend of mine, Jake, who also happens to be a really fast bicycle racer, also joined me on stage and jammed out on the harmonica...so the open mic turned into this huge jam session...and no suck! Jake had played already and had this thing going with the audience about theme requests...sex and turtles came up but he passed. I, however, could not, so in the middle of my little set, we belted out a little bluegrass number that went something like this: <i>this beautiful lady was lookin' at me / she was lookin' so good, lookin' so green / she invited me under her shell / that sexy turtle really rung my bell</i> (I'm actually pulling these lyrics out of my ass and they're not quite the same ones I pulled out of my ass last night, but they're close.) Anyway, that tune was the biggest hit of my set, methinks.

<i>today</i> is Miriam's swearing in ceremony. Her mom flew up from Florida and my parents are driving down from PA right now. So the rest of today will be a wash. Get to see Colin Powell. Miriam already saw him and shook his hand on Wednesday (I think it was Wed), so she's like, "no biggie." :)

