---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

please forgive me

just had a most interesting night.

first of all, i'm reading <i>requiem</i> by curtis white for <i>the installation</i>, which is a very disturbing yet thought-provoking book. also (and not at all related to reading requiem), I was having suicidal thoughts this afternoon and early evening. that's not the thing I would normally share. but that's just by way of context.

tonight I went to the <a href="http://www.denisonwitmer.com/">denison witmer</a> show at common grounds. beautiful was the only word that came to mind to describe it. definately shoe-gazing music. not exactly uplifting. but beautiful. inspired me to write more beatiful songs about trips to swimming holes, friends, and ...well, feelings. it was a great vibe at CG.

I was really torn, because also tonight was <a href="http://www.chuckprophet.com">chuck prophet</a> at another club within walking distance of our apartment, IOTA. two awesome shows within walking distance! I know of chuck through ryan adams; I have some ryan adams mp3's with chuck on them. I chose denison because I wasn't up for a bar scene, and I don't regret it. but in the end I didn't have to settle so much.

on my way back from CG, walking right by IOTA, I stepped inside to see if he was still playing (this is around midnight). he was. only thing was I had exactly $0.00 cash. the denison cover had cleaned me out. but the doorman let me in w/o paying the cover!! how cool was that? I caught about an hour of what I would without hesitation rate as one of the top 5 shows i've ever been to. he is an amazing performer. listen to me: if you <b>ever</b> get the chance to see this guy live, <b>do it</b>! i'm hoping he comes back through town soon.

amazing. and the cool thing was, by the end of this old skinny dirty white guy's loud raunchy set, I was happy again. I was clear again. I wasn't going to kill myself.

now I just wished i'd held off last night on buying those two mallonee disks because pastemusic.com also has denison and chuck for sale on their site. oh well...just a little more shipping is all I guess...

survivin'. dm.

