---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---

It has been suggested by more than one person that otec knew the day he would die. This speculation comes from the fact that he made great effort to make sure his best suit was dry-cleaned, and he wore that suit the day he died. He also made sure he was otherwise primped and proper that morning... There was nothing that had to be done with him in order to prepare his body... Grandmother's utter lack of surprise or concern is another reason to believe he knew and shared with her that his time had come. I'm going to take it a bit further, mostly as an academic exercise, and say he had a choice (give or take a week). Besides, as any loyal reader will know, I love putting words in God's mouth:



<em>So you know, right?</em>



Yeah, I know.



<em>So, I was thinking...second week in May work for you?</em>



As good as any. I've waited this long, I guess I can wait another couple weeks.



<em>What about Saturday?</em>



Well, since you're asking, what about Sunday? That way I at least have something to do while I wait.



<em>Fair enough. Sunday it is. See you then.</em>



Great. See You then. Looking forward to it.



<em>Yeah, right. That's what they all say.</em>



No, I really am!



<em>I'm just jokin' with ya, Toma&scaron;! I know you are! Ha ha!</em>



Oh! Ha ha! Pulled one over on me that time! Ha!



<em>Ok, well, I would say I had to go, but since I'm an everpresent omniscient diety, I'm going to be here anyway.</em>



Right. So. How're my tomatoes going to come out this year?



<em>{jovial laughter...}</em>

