---
layout: post
title: '...'
categories:
 - minutia
---



I'm pretty depressed today. No reason at all. Definately clinical. <a href="index.php?archive=blog_2003_01_06.xml&id_pass=134">Last time</a> this happened a bit of St. John's Wort knocked it right out; but I have a feeling that it has returned with more frequency and severity because of the St. Johns. It's like when I had a sure-fire cure for the hiccups for a while, except I would keep getting hiccups all the time. Once I started letting them run their course, I stopped getting them so often. I also have a feeling that St. Johns contributes to my <a href="index.php?archive=2002_05_12_new_archive.xml&id_pass=76523364">TMJ</a> (see why we have blogs? here is <a href="index.php?archive=2002_05_05_new_archive.xml&id_pass=76432090">a mention</a> of taking St. Johns in the same time period {total aside: the most fun I've ever had, ever, was writing Micha as a daily serial on the site. <a href="index.php?archive=2002_04_28_new_archive.xml&id_pass=76047461">see</a>? how do i sustain through that work? is it possible? i also had fun with Rob and the Dancer, but lost pretty much everyone on that one. no one got the puzzles in Micha either. too much work? sorry, all that just came to be while browsing the archives a bit.} see also <a href="index.php?archive=2002_04_21_new_archive.xml&id_pass=75682329">my first mention of my TMJ</a>. don't know if i had started taking St. Johns at that point yet.) Anyway, I just slept for 4 hours. I've almost never slept like that simply because I was depressed before. I've abused many bad substances, but never slept. I guess sleeping is better health-wise; but it is definately a classic symptom of clinical depression. So I'm not feeling too good about it. I know I had <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=seasonal+affective+disorder">SAD</a> circa 1991-1993; and I haven't experienced a full winter since (I moved to Arizona in 93 and then Florida in 98). Might have to look into that one. Still, we went to Florida over Christmas, and it's not like it's always dark here...I'm actually enjoying the seasons and overcast days, at least cognitively.