---
layout: post
title: 'cooking'
categories:
 - minutia
---


This I have never really done very much of. Like most things, I wait until the most difficult time possible to start. But, this all adds to the fun.



Because I have never cooked before, and because my options for purchasing goods is limited --not by supply, mind you, but by my inability to comminicate any intricacies with the locals. 



<strong>You mean, Daniel, that the farmers and shop clerks don't speak English?</strong>



Yeah.



...so this cooking is quite the improvised art thing.



So yesterday I am inspired and I have my Bosnian language lesson at the embassy (yes, your tax dollars hard at work to help me survive in a foreign land and also to support a local literary great), so I say, "Wanna go on a field trip?" So we go to the <strong>ribarnica</strong> to look for some fish. 



In the States, you would have a hard time finding fish sold with the bones (yet alone eyeballs) still in it. Here it is just the opposite. There they are, in a big pile: just fish. Just like you just pulled it out the river (good news being that it <strong>was</strong> probly just pulled out the river).



'Cept <b>I</b> don't know what to do with that. I'm a city boy, after all!



Fortunately there was another ribarnica around the corner and they had <strong>losos</strong>--salmon, and already prepared as "steaks". At least I didn't have to pull the guts out!



Next we went into the <strong>tr&#382;nica</strong>, a large covered market where they sell a <b>lot</b> of meat and cheese. The guys selling it shout at you to come buy their meat or cheese. Pretty cool. I didn't know what they were saying so I just imagined.



<strong>Hey, guys! Come buy my cheese! I have the best cheese here! Loooook at my cheeeeese! Doesn't it look tasty! Hey! Don't walk away! I also have a pretty daughter! Would you like to see my pretty daughter!</strong>



Then across the street to the fruit and veggie market, which is even <b>more</b> chaotic, if that were possible. On the way some guy tried to tell me about how his car broke down and he needed some money. I stick out on the street like a sore foreign thumb!



So at the market I got <strong>paradajz</strong>--tomatoes, <strong>narandj</strong>--oranges, and <strong>mrkva</strong>--carrots.



Trying to make an already long story shorter--got home, made a nice sort-of orange glaze for the salmon, with some cooked carrots, tomatoes on the side, fresh <strong>hljeb</strong>--bread...not bad, not bad atal.
		



		