---
author: dealingwith
date: '2004-10-02 19:40:00'
layout: post
slug: '107'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '107'
---

[the non-expert: electors][1]:

> Question: How does the electoral college work?—Ken G.

Answer: Good question, because at last count, there were six people in the
country who could give you a correct answer. American history teachers often
skip the topic for something easier and less controversial, like explaining to
their fourth grades how the men who wrote the Declaration of Independence were
also able to own slaves.

When you walk into the election booth and vote for your preferred candidates
for president and vice-president, you are not voting for your preferred
candidates for president and vice-president. You’re instead voting for someone
to go vote on your behalf. This person is called an “elector” and we’re not
making this up. You’re telling your elector, “Hey, person I’ve never heard of
because I’m not enmeshed in state politics, go vote for me! And make sure you
vote for these two people! Don’t screw up!”

Unfortunately, your elector can screw up and decide to vote differently. This
way, the Constitution guarantees a president can be elected against a
plurality’s decision. Such is the case of our current president, George W.
Bush, who legally and appropriately rules a country that voted for someone
else.

For better illustration, here’s a story:

On the Tuesday following November’s first Monday in a year divisible by four,
you drive to another town in your state and grab someone you’ve never met.

You: Are you a U.S. Senator or Representative?

Them: No. Who are you?

You: Are you engaged in insurrection or rebellion against the United States,
or providing comfort or aid to its enemies?

Them: Wh-what is this? Of course not! Am I in trouble?

You: No. Just checking. Listen, I need you to go vote for me.

Them: But I don’t even know you.

You: Who cares? Go vote, and make sure you vote for John Smith.

Them: Well, there’s something you should know: I have dementia. It comes and
goes. There’s a remote chance I’ll think the ballot is a cheeseburger.

You: That is a risk I am willing to take for something as insignificant as
selecting my country’s leaders during an election when we’re involved in
multiple wars, globally despised, and under constant threat of nuclear attack.

Them: Cool. I’m in.

You: Remember, John Smith!

Them: Hold the pickles! Got it!

   [1]: http://www.themorningnews.org/archives/how_to/the_nonexpert_electors_and_chickens.php

