---
layout: post
title: 'Were back'
categories:
 - minutia
---

<em>Almost</em> settled into the new place, still unpacking a bit, but have a very important piece of the equation up and running: Wifi, from our neighbors Bill Hood and <a href="http://galleryeklektikos.com/">Gallery Eklektikos</a>. Do be a good patron and visit the site, and the gallery, next chance you get (permanent props will go on the IR Gallery site when it is up)...they are having a show next weekend--from the press release:<blockquote>Please join us for the opening reception of our most current exhibit -  
The Works of Stefan Georg


Gallery Eklektikos

832 Exposition Avenue, Dallas, TX 75226-1742

Saturday, July 24, 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.


The informal vocabulary of Stefan's art moves with the exhuberance born  
of his background as a composer-musician. In some works, we enter a  
realm of deep spirituality. Throughout, there is a harmonious dance of  
color that celebrates both the world around us and the world within us.


Stefan Georg's career in art began in the mid-70's in Dallas, Texas  
where he studied under the tutelage of the widely respected artist and  
teacher Leona McGill at the Dallas Art Institute. Lomas Nettleton  
Financial Corporation and Dallas' cutting edge restaurant Deep Ellum  
Cafe, were among the first to recognize Georg's unique visionary style.  
The former purchased eleven pieces for their corporate offices and the  
latter has made Georg's "The Headwaiter" the prominent focal point of  
their dining area. In the late eighties, Mr. Georg moved to Santa Fe,  
New Mexico and resided there for ten years during its heyday as one of  
the most exciting and vital markets in the world. While in Santa Fe,  
Mr. Georg completed a masters program with renowned  
abstract-expressionist Helen Frankenthaler and his work matured and  
evolved steadily in this rich artistic environment. His work continues  
to be sought after by corporate and private collectors from coast to  
coast.


Come join us for an exciting evening of art. You can view Stefan's work  
at <a href="http://www.stefangeorg.com">stefangeorg.com</a>....


Please RSVP at <a href="http://www.evite.com/pages/gt/events/viewPub.jsp?eventID=NKGPDRFMSWQLVIGFGTCZ">evite</a></blockquote>