---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-02-12 18:34:00'
layout: post
slug: '179'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '179'
---

Just when I think I'm getting back on my feet something(s) come along and
shoot me down and the hours fly by and the dog pisses me off.

Yesterday was a great day. But blogs aren't about the great days.

I started getting this cough yesterday that this morning was a full blown
sickness of some kind. I've been fighting this thing off a few times over the
course of the last couple months. I don't know if it will last this time or
not. Really horrible coughing and total lack of energy.

After a very productive day yesterday on SWIM, today was a disaster. A bug
that exists only on the underDE servers and not my local machine, and behaves
differently in different situations (i.e. I'm looking right at the database
and see it's wrong, but certain pages still somehow render the info correctly,
others do not).

I slept like three hours because of my illness (whatever it is), it's cold and
rainy and the dog is being an ass and having to spend increasingly long
amounts of time in his kennel (with door closed), which is only going to make
the situation worse but I'm way too sick and tired to worry about it.

When I was sleeping I had the weirdest dream. I was at this cool house,
settling in, cleaning my car in the drive. And this black guy pulls up kinda
funny in my driveway...oh and I'm floating in the air above the drive at this
point for some reason...then he asks if I'm so-and-so, and even though it's
not my name, I know it's me, know there's trouble, lie and say it isn't me,
and he starts shooting at me and I try like hell to get back to the ground,
which I guess I do, but then there was no way out of this drive the way it was
except through this guy's car. Then I woke up.

I'm thinking about making this into some fiction. I thought of the thing after
I woke up. But I'm stealing one bit from a book I read as a kid.

I'd also love to have that sucker analyzed by a professional.

That means not you.

