---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-09-07 08:35:00'
layout: post
slug: '542'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '542'
---

My friend Wood, [quoting/commenting][1] this [foolishness][2] (or maybe it's
just "triage theology" ha ha):

> > Rev. Bill Shanks, pastor of New Covenant Fellowship of New Orleans, also
sees God’s mercy in the aftermath of Katrina — but in a different way. Shanks
says the hurricane has wiped out much of the rampant sin common to the city.

The pastor explains that for years he has warned people that unless Christians
in New Orleans took a strong stand against such things as local abortion
clinics, the yearly Mardi Gras celebrations, and the annual event known as
“Southern Decadence” — an annual six-day “gay pride” event scheduled to be
hosted by the city this week — God’s judgment would be felt.

“New Orleans now is abortion free. New Orleans now is Mardi Gras free. New
Orleans now is free of Southern Decadence and the sodomites, the witchcraft
workers, false religion — it’s free of all of those things now,” Shanks says.
“God simply, I believe, in His mercy purged all of that stuff out of there —
and now we’re going to start over again.”

>

>

Thousands of innocents die! Devastation occurs in the USA of all places on
levels previously unimaginable!

But it’s OK, because it means that right now nobody’s having abortions or
taking it up the arse in New Orleans! Well, hallebloodylujah!

   [1]: http://www.johnheronproject.com/wp/?p=292

   [2]: http://headlines.agapepress.org/archive/9/22005b.asp

