---
layout: post
title: 'Look ma Im a patron of the arts'
categories:
 - elsewhere
---

<a href="http://www.bradlands.com/weblog/archives/2005/02/micromedici.shtml">The Bradlands: Micro-Medici</a>:

<blockquote>But something someone said to me offhandedly over a year ago stuck in my mind. "There are no modern-day <a href="http://www.pbs.org/empires/medici/">Medicis</a>,"
she said. "Corporations and foundations send grants to museums and
theatres. Occasionally, a wealthy matron or civic-minded financier will
pony up to buy a bust or underwrite a fund-raiser. And the National
Endowment for the Arts offers what little it can to artists and
musicians. But where will the next Renaissance come from? Who is
helping the dreamers make their dreams real?"




I won't pretend that I'm trying to make anyone's dreams come true,
except maybe my own. But I booted up Quicken last year and told it to
divert a little bit?not a lot, but not an insignificant amount
either?from every paycheck I deposited into a separate account. I
called it "Medici", told Quicken to fill it and tried to put it out of
my mind.




But then, throughout the year, when I saw a chance to help someone
on their way to a dream or a passion or a way to bring beauty or
interest into the world, I took a little out of my Medici fund and I
gave it away. It's entirely self-serving on my part, not because I
expect their gratitude, but because I expect that at some point, it's
going to pay a dividend to me that can't be calculated in interest
points. It will bring a little bit of music into the world. It will
brighten my life through their creation or, at the very least, through
my being able to share their joy in the act of creating.</blockquote>

<a href="http://feeds.feedburner.com/AnilDash?m=186">via anil</a>: <blockquote>I believe in the idea of everyone being a Medici, except without the nasty Medici habit of infiltrating the papacy. ("Pope Hacking", coming soon from O'Reilly.)</blockquote>