---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-04-24 11:10:00'
layout: post
slug: '275'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '275'
---

[All geeks have a todo.txt file. They use texteditors (Word, BBEd, Emacs,
Notepad) not Outlook or whathaveyou.][1]

"What we keep in our todo is the stuff we want to forget

"Geeks say they remember details well, but they forget their spouses'
birthdays and the dry-cleaning. Because it's not interesting.

"It's the 10-second rule: if you can't file something in 10 seconds, you won't
do it. Todo.txt involves cut-and-paste, the simplest interface we can
imagine."

"Power-users don't trust complicated apps. Every time power-geeks has had a
crash, s/he moves away from it. You can't trust software unless you've written
it -- and then you're just more forgiiving."

"The private blog -- a secret blog, using a tool:

"Brad Fitzpatrick of LiveJournal: 8 entries every 10 min are private. Closed
off from everyone.

"Announce stuff is moving into RSS -- email announcements to something that
syndicates over RSS

--

"Geeks write scripts to take apart dull, repetitive tasks. They'll spend 10h
writing a script that will save 11h -- because writing scripts is interesting
and doing dull stuff isn't.

"Scripts are embarassingly coded, often forgotten."

"People do lots of webscraping. Scrape stuff and turn it into RSS -- make your
own feeds. JWZ uses this to help him run his bar.

"Lots of people do this with banking services -- to keep an eye on their
accounts.

--

"People make utilities to make their stuff public. Not just blogs -- but stuff
like Eric Raymond's "shipper" -- package a code into an RPM, upload to
SourceForge, announce, etc.

"Edd Dumbill: Ideas rot if you don't do something with them. Don't hoard them.
I blog them or otherwise tell people.

"This is a way to look organized, "That guy has lots of ideas, what a genius."

"You only have to be right once -- people google for some idea and find your
ramble about it and are impressed.

"Making stuff public is like having your parents come to stay -- you clean
everything up."

   [1]: http://www.craphound.com/lifehacksetcon04.txt

