---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-02-03 17:25:00'
layout: post
slug: link-love
status: publish
title: link love!
wordpress_id: '3122'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

[Wood links to Rob][1].


I comment there.


In case it's not obvious, [Rob][2] is mostly a commentary on art. It's a story
about a play about a play.


Following the rabbit trail will answer some questions about WTF Rob is. The
script is down that hole. I'm making sure the entrance to the hole is still
open right now. Will fix it if it's not. (Bit later: doh! Sorry! Fixing...try
again a bit later...) (Later still: Ok, it wasn't too terribly broken...there
are actually four emails, the one that was broken was ancillary. ...Oops still
issues. Arg! I will resolve this and stop posting retarded updates here.)
(Fixed!)



In case you haven't seen it before, [John Heron Project][3] is also an
experiment in alternative narrative. Wood was the first person I saw writing
fiction to the web in what I call the "daily serial" format (or maybe I stole
that term from him, I don't know). I became engrossed in [JHP][4] and soon
after began publishing fiction on [my blog][5], little bits of the story at a
time (Rob was published in this way, if you go back in the archives far enough
you'll find the original draft). (Rob is actually the oldest work I still make
public at all; it was first a short story of mine in high school, written for
my creative writing course, based on two words pulled out of a hat; later it
was a play, written for my "French existentialism and the absurd" class at the
[UofA][6] {I got an A-} {I can't remember what grade I got in high school};
now it is both a play and a short story {the short story on my site is not the
original I wrote in high school, the play itself is based on that short
story}.)


Soon enough Wood and I began communicating (after I had linked to his site a
couple times) (this was back before referrer spam!). Turned out that we had
mutual friends in the UK. I had the pleasure of meeting him at the 2002
[Greenbelt Festival][7] (picture below; when I first published this picture to
my site, I thought it cool to hide the identity of the mysterious author(s) of
JHP), and saw him again during 2003's (sadly I couldn't make it last year).


I later gave up on the daily serial format. I found it too hard to follow as a
reader. It was a good exercise, a great way to get stuff written. I'm not
against it, and I may return to it for my own reasons later.


![][8]

![][9]

   [1]: http://www.johnheronproject.com/wp/?p=56

   [2]: http://danielsjourney.com/art/writing/fiction/rob/

   [3]: http://www.johnheronproject.com/

   [4]: http://www.johnheronproject.com/wp

   [5]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog

   [6]: http://arizona.edu

   [7]: http://www.greenbelt.org.uk

   [8]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2005/02/2002i.jpg

   [9]:

