---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-07-18 14:15:00'
layout: post
slug: '439'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '439'
---

i sat down to read something while i ate breakfast and spent another half hour
(now it's going to be 40 minutes) finishing the article (JUST the article):
[lance armstrong playpoy interview][1] via [tdfblog][2]

> They said, "We'll sell them for a dollar and donate the proceeds to the
Lance Armstrong Foundation." I thought they were crazy. When they said Nike
would make 5 million of them, I'm thinking, Right, sure. But they did, and
they made a million-dollar donation, too......


PLAYBOY: Worse than getting quacked is getting flicked. ARMSTRONG:: That's
when it's intentional. Direct from the German flicken. It means you got
fucked.


PLAYBOY: You had the testicle cut out before donating the sperm? ARMSTRONG::
Two days before. Painful? Dude, it was terrible. But I had to do it if I was
ever going to have kids.

PLAYBOY: How did you get in the mood to... donate? ARMSTRONG:: No choice. I
didn't have a wife yet or anybody to have kids with. Sure, it was awful, but
now I have three healthy little miracle children. I'm glad I limped down to
that lab in San Antonio.

PLAYBOY: They give a guy some ammo for that. Magazines. ARMSTRONG:: I don't
think it was PLAYBOY. For that kind of ammo PLAYBOY is sort of a slingshot.
You can read it. That's why we're talking. But there are some shoulder rockets
in that field -- if PLAYBOY were one of those weapons of mass destruction, I
wouldn't be doing this interview.

   [1]: http://www.playboy.com/arts-entertainment/features/lancearmstrong/index.html

   [2]: http://www.tdfblog.com/2005/07/i_only_read_it_.html

