---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-03-04 12:03:00'
layout: post
slug: '212'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '212'
---

> I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m waiting for my
rocket to come I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m
waiting for my rocket y'all


[#][1]:

> Awareness is the key to longevity I believe; knowing what’s good for you and
what’s harmful in the long run, and what presently improves your peace of mind
and state of well being. I do plenty of things that doctors would consider to
be a major risk to my health, but I’m happy as a clam doing so, which in a
metaphysical viewpoint, actually makes me a more healthy human being. I would
consider riding in cars to be a health risk. Anyone can get a license (Adam
King) and drive at whatever speed they see fit and at anytime, my own vehicle
could collide with any other and that would be it. Good-bye cool world, thanks
for the Coke. And with this brooding mystery of when and how we’ll cross over,
a question that dons our minds from time to time, I like to know I’m living
each day as if it were the last, aside from the few things I would do should I
ever find out it is my last day. One thing I would do is sky dive. That looks
fun. I would also like to surf naked as well as streak my local grocery store.
The lighting is really nice in there after they remodeled the place. I think
it would be flattering to my figure. I’d also like to cuddle a Panda bear. I
know it’s probably unsafe, but it is after all my last day of existence and
they’re so darned cute it pains me that I can’t go near them. In a similar
vain I’d like to surf on the back of a whale like they do at Sea World. That
also looks really fun.


> You see it started way back in NYC When I stole my first rhyme from the
M-I-C At a west end avenue at 63 It's the beginning of a leap year February
‘96 win a guitar picked it up in the mix I committed to the licks like a
nickel bag of tricks Well Look at me now Look at me now Look at me now now now
now

I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m waiting for my
rocket to come I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m
waiting for my rocket y'all (hey)

Well then you'll never da never da guess what I been been been And I have no
regrets that I bet my whole checking account Because it all amounts to nothing
up in the end Well you can only count that “On The Road Again” Will soon be on
my radio dial And I been paying close attention to the Willie Nelson style
Like a band of gypsies on the highway wild As I’m a one-man mission on the
California skyline Drive up the coast I brag and I boast because I’m picking
up my pace, I'm makin' time like Space Ghost Raising a toast to the highway
patrol with the most But my cruise control’s on coast Cause I’m tourin’ around
the nation on extended vacation See I got Elsa the dog who exceeds my
limitation I say, “I like your style crazy pound pup! You need a ride? (woof)
Well come on girl, hop in the truck!”

With the curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m waiting for my
rocket to come I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m
waiting for my rocket y'all

I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and I’m waiting for my
rocket to come on I’m just a curbside prophet with my hand in my pocket and
I’m waiting for my rocket y'all

See I’m a down-home brother red-neck undercover With my guitar here I’m ready
to play And I’m a sucker for philly got a natural ability Geared to free-style
look at my flexibility Dangerous on the MIC My ghetto hat's cocked right All
the ladies say, “Yo, that kid is CRAZY!” We got the backstage Bettys takin’
more than they can get They say, “Whats up with M-R-A-Z?!” hey hey hey

Hey hey Somethin’s different in my world today Well they changed my traffic
signs to a brighter yellow(repeat)

I'm just a Curbside Prophet love, (Repeat 6x) And Imma waitin'for my rocket I
said a waitin' for my rocket to come

   [1]: http://www.jasonmraz.com/journal.html

