---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-02-07 12:39:00'
layout: post
slug: quit-smoking-day-1
status: publish
title: 'quit smoking: day 1'
wordpress_id: '165'
---

Ok I've made lame-ass efforts in the past, even the recent past (after smoking
myself totally out the other day, as chronicled here). Yesterday I got all
winded playing with my dog for like 5 minutes and realized I need to get my
sorry ass back in shape, and the smoking thing is one of the first things
that's gotta go.

Now I'm not being all unrealistic here; no plans to stop cold turkey...

I was to the point where I would start smoking right away in the morning.
That's the first thing to eliminate. Only problem is when I wait to smoke
until later, I tend to make up for it (i.e. I chain smoke for the rest of the
day). So here is my plan for an initial roll back, through to quitting-for-
the-most-part (still will smoke after playing music gigs...those things are
just so inseperable).

No smoking until after 3PM (I've tried 12PM before, but that doesn't take much
will power, to be honest, when I normally wake up roundabouts 9AM).

No smoking in my apartment or in my car. This may sound lame too, but I'm
honestly not many other places in my life. My life, while having this spear of
fear-for-my-life, confused-as-shit-am-I-being-conned excitment lately, is
returning to the RATHER mundane. Which is good.

Next chance I get, get some herbal quit-smoking thing or another. I've read
that St. John's helps, and I've noticed it myself. I figure the mixes that
include a high % of it must work decent.

Cap it at 5 cigs a day. Don't know when I'll institute this limit. Will have
to chronicle my success or lack thereof here, for some faux-accountability. I
figure from 5 a day to one every so often is not a big deal, especially if
I've already eliminated all the triggers: wanting one while I work (inside my
apt), while I run around (car), after eating (apt), while drinking (this will
be the hardest of course). This is the hardest part of the quiting,
eliminating the behavioral triggers that kick in the craving (god how I hate
that word); like I just had a Monster and I really wanted a cig...a work-
related habit...lots of code written with lots of Monster and cigs.

On yeah, the goal is to be un-hooked and rarely smoking by the time I'm 30,
less than two months away.

Right now it's almost 1, so two more hours (you better believe at 3 I'm
walking outside to burn one). The prob is I actually don't have any cigs on
me, and I'm about to run out to do a couple errands (sp?, that and
'definately' (see?) I can never fucking spell) (definitely, btw), and that's
when I'll grab a pack, and then it will be calling my name until 3. But I can
do it. No problem. Two fucking hours. Give me a break! HA.

