---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-12-03 14:41:00'
layout: post
slug: '775'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '775'
categories:
 - art
---

[![][1]][2]

I'm tired as hell and have had a headache all day. I have a million things to
do this weekend, basic things like laundry and mopping the film of dirt off
the floor. But I am looking forward to [Art Conspiracy][3] tonight, for whom I
am volunteering and therefore will be there an extra few hours than you. You,
who, if you have half a brain at all, will show up and buy a piece of art and
enjoy 5 of the best bands in Dallas, including the Happy Bullets and Salim
Nourallah.

![][4]When I arrived at 7:30 last night, tired as hell from a week of my
typical 11 hour (including commute, don't feel too bad for me) work-for-the-
man days and up-until-12-or-1 nights working more on my own pet software
projects, I still got chills seeing the work that had been done all day. Some
of it is truly breathtaking slash mindboggling. This shit is getting pulled
off, big time. More than any IR Gallery show that ever was, I will be sad if
you can't drag your ass out to this one. One, because I'm dragging my ass out
to it two nights in a row, and there were two other things I wanted to do
earlier this week to just enjoy and consume, but I couldn't because of time
and energy constraints. Two, because this thing has more [collective
_con_scious][5] energy slash [chi][6] than most things you've had the
opportunity to participate in. Because by showing up you will feel like you
are participating in this something much bigger than yourself. And you will
also just consume a massive amount of good creative karma and sensory
[pleasure][7].

BYOB. Bring a Benjamin is my recommendation -- 10 cover, 20 for a shirt, and
70 for a piece (it's 20 minimum for a piece) (assuming you don't get into a
bidding war! some of these will fetch a lot).

Doors at 7. Art sale at 8. Bands all night long. [Here][8].

   [1]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2005/12/12.jpg

   [2]: http://carissabyers.blogspot.com/2005/12/beurocracy.html

   [3]: http://artconspiracy.org

   [4]: http://artconspiracy.org/images/artconspiracy.jpg

   [5]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Collective_unconscious

   [6]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Qi

   [7]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Happiness

   [8]: http://maps.google.com/maps?q=231+W+Jefferson,+Dallas+TX+75208&spn=0.019476,0.027560&iwloc=A&hl=en

