---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-07-19 13:50:00'
layout: post
slug: '443'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '443'
---


> "Spiritual path" is the hilarious popular term for those night-blind mesas
and flayed hills in which people grope, for decades on end, with the goal of
knowing the absolute. They discover others spread under the stars and encamped
here and there by watch fires, in groups or alone, in the open landscape; they
stop for a sleep, or for several years, and move along without knowing toward
what or why. They leave whatever they find, picking up each stone, carrying it
for awhile, and dropping it gratefully and without regret, for it is not the
absolute, though they cannot say what is. Their life's fine, impossible goal
justifies the term "spiritual." Nothing, however, can justify the term "path"
for this bewildered and empty stumbling, this blackened vagabondage - except
one thing: They don't quit. They stick with it. Year after year they put one
foot in front of the other, though they fare nowhere. Year after year they
find themselves still feeling with their fingers for lumps in the dark.

The planet turns under their steps like a water wheel rolling; constellations
shift without anyone's gaining ground. They are presenting themselves to the
unseen gaze of emptiness. Why do they want to do this? They hope to learn how
to be useful.

Their feet catch in nets; they untangle them when they notice, and keep
moving. They hope to learn where they came from. "The soul teaches
incessantly," said Rabbi Pinhas, "but it never repeats." Decade after decade
they see no progress. But they do notice, if they look, that they have left
doubt behind. Decades ago, they left behind doubt about this or that doctrine,
abandoning the issues as unimportant. Now, I mean, they have left behind the
early doubt that this feckless prospecting in the dark for the unseen is a
reasonable way to pass one's life.

Annie Dillard - For The Time Being (169-171)

