---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-04-25 23:27:00'
layout: post
slug: '281'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '281'
---


01. Fallen for your best friend? no 02. Made out with JUST a friend? yes 03.
Been rejected? yes 04. Been in love? yes 05. Been in lust? yes 06. Used
someone? no 07. Been used? probably 08. Cheated on someone? yes 09. Been
cheated on? yes 10. Been kissed? yes 11. Done something you regret? yes.

*Last Person*

12. You touched? n 13.talked to? n 14.hugged? n 15.You instant messaged? j
16.You kissed? n 17. had sex with? n 18. You yelled at? n 19. You laughed
with? n 20. Who broke your heart? m

22. Color your hair? no 23. Have tattoos? no 24. Piercings? yes 25. Have a
boyfriend? wouldn't you want to know 26. Floss daily? pretty much 27. Own a
webcam? no 28. Ever get off the damn computer? not really 29. Sprechen sie
deutsche? ja 30. Habla espanol? no

*General Questions*

40. Considered a life of crime? yes 41. Considered being a hooker? it's 'male
prostitute' thank you very much 42. Considered being a pimp? no 43. Are you
psycho? somewhat 44. Split personalities? no 45. Schizophrenic? no. 46.
Obsessive? no 47. Obsessive compulsive? a bit 48. Panic? no 49. Anxiety? YES
50. Depressed? YES 51. Suicidal? not in a while 52. Obsessed with Hate? no 53.
Dream of mutilated bodies? no 54. Dream of doing those things instead of just
seeing them? no 55. If you could be anywhere, where would you be? europe 56.
What would you be doing? sitting outside sipping coffee 58. What are you
listening to? everything but the girl 59. Can you do anything freakish with
your body? no 60. Chicken or fish? fish. 61. Do you have a favorite animal? no

*Currents*

62. Current Clothes: jeans and button down 63. Current Mood: tired. 64.
Current Taste: root beer popcicle 65. Current Hair: short and spikey 66.
Current Annoyance: my own procrastination 67. Current Smell: root beer
popcicle 68. Current thing you should be doing? budget 69. Current Desktop
Picture: (had to look) picture of iced tea thing from arlington, VA 2003 70.
Current Favorite Group: i'm having this weird savage garden thing going right
now, don't worry, it won't last long 71. Current Book: masks and shadows by
riddell 72. Current Activity: lounging and typing 73. Current Refreshment:
root beer popcicle dammit! 74. Current Worry: spending more money than i'm
making 75. Current Favorite Celebrity: can't think of one

*Favorites*

76. Food: sushi 77. Drink: i'm on this shiner kick right now 78. Color: blue
79. Current Shoes: campers 80. Candy: none 82. Movie: either welcome to
sarajevo or fearless 83. Dance: yep 84. Vegetable: cheese

*Future*

85. What do you want to be when you get older? happy 86: Married?: no 87:
Kids?: yes 88: Living Where?: don't care

*This Or That*

89: Gay or straight??: straight 90: Boxers or Briefs: boxer briefs 91: Reading
or Writing: writing 92: Basketball or Baseball: basketball 93: Walking or
Running?: walking 94: Awake or Sleeping: awake. 95: Left or Right? left 96: TV
Shows or Movies?: movies 97: Britney or Christina?: who gives a f*** 98: Rap
or Rock?: rock 99: Day or Night?: night

