---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-10-07 22:23:00'
layout: post
slug: more-on-swim
status: publish
title: More on SWIM
wordpress_id: '3167'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

There is a lot of words to be had right now about [the plethora of blog
networks in existence][1]. A lot of business models and attention and energy
and time and money focused on the content that blogs facilitate the creation
of.


But what [SWIM][2] has been since [the beginning][3] has been a tool inspired
by blogging and blogging tools, but focused on the value for the individual
creator/blogger him/herself. Specifically, the value that microcontent
creation and the linear and nonlinear management thereof can bring to that
creative person (read: most everyone, at least in these circles). The latter
(the nonlinear management part) being the focus of this blog in particular
(and narrative a particularly fequent topic for reasons I'll [perhaps][4]
[expand][5] [upon][6] in the near future).


I still see an untapped sector. There are [PIM][7]s coming out of our ears (I
would try to make or link to a list, but there are so many, so diverse tools
out there, and more every friggin' day). But none of them help with anything
besides email and scheduling, age-old problems (that obviously are still
problems or there wouldn't be a rash of new tools coming out to address them).
I'm more interested in what new things can be found out through the
_intelligent_ and possibly _unorthodox_ parsing of all this personal detrius
we're throwing out there every darn day.


That has been the driving force behind all the empty promises* of SWIM, and
the end-goal that, honestly, I've been working towards. It has taken _many_
adjustments. I can't tell you how many iterative changes have been made to
this product since its inception (pretty much just before I started this
blog). And so far there has only been one release. We are making another
release in a week, and making dramatic changes regarding how we license,
manage, and move forward with this project. And it's breathing the slightest
bit of fresh breath into it all.


As does realizing that, still, after years, this piece of the market/problem
has yet to be satisfactorily met.


* We don't make those anymore, but the site _used_ to say: _The creative mind
--be it in an entrepreneur, artist, writer, software developer, architect,
wherever it might express itself--brings a life of constant creative
unfolding, the perpetual onslaught of small ideas and big plans. SWIM brings
that creative unfolding into focus, helping to preserve the small ideas and
connect them to the larger schemes and paradigms in an intuitive and nonlinear
way._ ...It's still in the plan...We'll just talk about it publicly when we
can actually deliver in the foreseeable future.

   [1]: http://www.blogherald.com/2005/06/20/list-of-blog-networks-v2/ (jebus! wtf? that's a lot!)

   [2]: http://underde.com/swim

   [3]: http://nonlinear.blogspot.com/2001_09_01_nonlinear_archive.html

   [4]: http://www.livejournal.com/users/dealingwith/141853.html

   [5]: http://www.livejournal.com/users/dealingwith/142666.html

   [6]: http://www.livejournal.com/users/dealingwith/145077.html

   [7]: http://www.google.com/search?q=define%3A+PIM

   

