---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-04-25 23:12:00'
layout: post
slug: '280'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '280'
---

LAYER ONE: ON THE OUTSIDE Name: dealingwith Birthplace: hershey, pa Current
Location: dallas, tx Hair color: Brown Righty or lefty: righty

LAYER TWO: ON THE INSIDE Heritage: english/german Shoes you wore today:
campers Your weakness: sex, cigarettes

LAYER THREE: YESTERDAY, TODAY, TOMORROW Your most overused phrase: cool Your
thoughts first waking up: what i had to get done Your bedtime: ~2am Your most
missed memory: bicycling in the hilss of pa

LAYER FOUR: YOUR PICK Pepsi or Coke: coke McDonald's or Burger King: mcdonalds
Single or group dates: single Adidas or Nike: adidas (only when pronounced
"AH-DEE-DAS" Lipton Ice Tea or Nestea: yuk Chocolate or vanilla: vanilla.
Cappuccino or coffee: double espresso.

LAYER FIVE: DO YOU? Smoke: soically and I’m very Socialable Cuss: usually Take
a shower: yes Have a crush(es): no Think you've been in love: yes Like(d) high
school: not particularly Want to get married: no Believe in yourself: to a
degree. Get motion sickness: no. Think you're attractive: moderately. Think
you're a health freak: no even though i have the knowledge from way back. Like
thunderstorms: when i don't have to be outside

LAYER SIX: IN THE PAST MONTH Drank alcohol: yes. Gone on a date: yes. Had sex:
yes. Gone to the mall: yes Been on stage: yes Eaten an entire box of Oreos:
no. Eaten sushi: yes Been dumped: yes Gone skating: not really Gone skinny
dipping: no. Stolen anything: yes

LAYER SEVEN: HAVE YOU EVER Played a game that required removal of clothing: no
Been trashed or extremely intoxicated: yes Been caught "doing something": ?
Been called a tease: no Gotten beaten up: no.

LAYER EIGHT: GETTING OLDER Age you hope to be married: wait is this quiz for
little teenage kids? Number of children: dunno Describe your dream wedding: no
such thing

LAYER NINE: IN A GUY/GIRL Best eye color: blue Best hair color: no pref
Height: yes Best first date location: london Articles of clothing: no pref
Best first kiss location: you know… this is stupid! totally.

LAYER TEN: IN THE NUMBERS Number of people I could trust with my life: none
Number of CD's I own: 200 maybe? Number of piercings: one Number of tattoos:
none :( Number of times name has appeared in newspaper: a few plus a picture
of my ass on the frontpage in Tucson one time

