---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-04-05 13:01:00'
layout: post
slug: '245'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '245'
---

["I wake up in the morning and I consciously create my day][1] the way I want
it to happen. Now sometimes, because my mind is examining all the things that
I need to get done, it takes me a little bit to settle down and get to the
point of where I'm actually intentionally creating my day. But here's the
thing: When I create my day and out of nowhere little things happen that are
so unexplainable, I know that they are the process or the result of my
creation. And the more I do that, the more I build a neural net in my brain
that I accept that that's possible. (This) gives me the power and the
incentive to do it the next day.

"So if we're consciously designing our destiny, and if we're consciously from
a spiritual standpoint throwing in with the idea that our thoughts can affect
our reality or affect our life -- because reality equals life -- then I have
this little pact that I have when I create my day. I say, 'I'm taking this
time to create my day and I'm infecting the quantum field. Now if (it) is in
fact the observer's watching me the whole time that I'm doing this and there
is a spiritual aspect to myself, then show me a sign today that you paid
attention to any one of these things that I created, and bring them in a way
that I won't expect, so I'm as surprised at my ability to be able to
experience these things. And make it so that I have no doubt that it's come
from you,' and so I live my life, in a sense, all day long thinking about
being a genius or thinking about being the glory and the power of God or
thinking about being unconditional love.

"I'll use living as a genius, for example. And as I do that during parts of
the day, I'll have thoughts that are so amazing, that cause a chill in my
physical body, that have come from nowhere. But then I remember that that
thought has an associated energy that's produced an effect in my physical
body. Now that's a subjective experience, but the truth is is that I don't
think that unless I was creating my day to have unlimited thought, that that
thought would come."

   [1]: http://whatthebleep.com/create/

