---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-08-10 16:48:00'
layout: post
slug: on-swim
status: publish
title: On SWIM
wordpress_id: '3161'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

It was actually while looking at the Technorati info on [SWIM][1] that I
thought about this page's sidebar link/blurb on SWIM. "WTF does SWIM have to
do with nonlinear anything?" I hear nonexistant readers asking.


SWIM the web [CMS][2] is the first baby step towards SWIM the nonlinear mind
mapping slash organization slash CMS tool.


Eating lots of my own dog food this morning with a fresh install of SWIM
destined for [danielsjourney.com][3] (sometime in the next century), I
realized that SWIM is pretty damn impressive.


One feature (and I'll get to how this links to future SWIM nonlinear goodness
later) that was a pain to develop, but that I like alot, is the ability to
linearly display the taxonomy. Other CMS's can do this too, I know, but it's a
built-in characteristic of SWIM.


Here's an example display of a taxonomy in a typical outline format:


[![][4]][5]


Here's the display of an entry-specific taxonomy in a linear format:


[![][6]][7]


...indicating the tree structure of the entries existence in one category and
the stand-aloneness of another category.


Now where this will get cool sometime in the next decade (or much sooner, god
willing) (investors, anyone?) (just kidding) (no i'm not) ...is where there
will be meaning links between not only categories in the taxonomy, but between
individual entries. Then SWIM can start doing creative analytics on your
entries and suggesting interconnected meanings between entries. Something akin
to [this][8], but, you know, much more useful (*Upon request for the info*:
"This entry may relate to: x, y, and z").


For now, we need to get some basic CMS features released, and again not to
gush but I am really happy with the way we've made a lot of these basic CMS
features work already. We're talking in depth about how to get a [tag][9]ging
system working in SWIM, and then make it work intuitively/seemlessly with our
existing taxonomy system, and how to make it then work with the future
"meaning tags/links" system.

![][10]

   [1]: http://underde.com/swim

   [2]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_management_system

   [3]: http://danielsjourney.com

   [4]: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/420/40/400/swim%20category%20view%20outline.jpg

   [5]: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/420/40/1600/swim%20category%20view%20outline.jpg

   [6]: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/420/40/400/swim%20category%20view%20linear.jpg

   [7]: http://photos1.blogger.com/blogger/420/40/1600/swim%20category%20view%20linear.jpg

   [8]: http://parazite.greatnow.com/assistantsuicide.gif

   [9]: http://del.icio.us/dealingwith/tags

   [10]: https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/tracker/3147579-112369288286735
463?l=nonlinear.blogspot.com

