---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-02-01 22:07:00'
layout: post
slug: meme-me
status: publish
title: MEME ME!
wordpress_id: '152'
---

[[ f i r s t s ]] First Best Friend: Joel Lambden (sp?) First break-up: 9th
grade. can't remember her name. approx 24hr long relationship. harbinger of
things to come. First screen name: dealingwith. imagine that. First self
purchased album: Lionel Ritchey. fuck yeah. saw that fucker on Sesame Street
and had to get the record. First funeral: can't remember. First pets: Sandy,
cat. First piercing/tattoo: brow. First true love: ouch. First enemy: i don't
have enemies. i have people i've given up trying to have anything to do with.
First big trip: i'm sure it was to Oklahoma. First music you remember: Billy
Joel. through the wall from my sister's room.

[[ l a s t s ]] Last cigarette: just now. Last car ride: drove Joshua home and
went to Whole Foods for food I shant eat. Last kiss: wouldn't you like to
know. Last good cry: i wish more recently than it was. 2003. most of 2003.
Last movie seen: Beyond the Sea. Last beverage drank: Guinness from the
special can. Last food consumed: Guinness from the special can. Last crush:
please. Last phone call: the girl. Last time showered: this morning. Last
shoes worn: Campers. as always. Last item bought: another month's rent. Last
annoyance: having two women pretty much heartbroken over me and still feeling
lonely as hell. Last time wanting to die: tonight. Last time scolded:
yesterday.

[[ r e l a t i o n s h i p s ]] Who are your best friends? i don't know.

[[ s p e c i f i c s ]] Do you do drugs? not really. What kind of shampoo do
you use? generic. What are you most scared of? failure. What are you listening
to right now? Over the Rhine, Nobody Number One. Who is the last person that
called you? um, didn't we already have this question? Where do you want to get
married? courthouse What would you change about yourself? to have it together.

[[ h a v e | y o u | e v e r ]] Given anyone a bath? Pavlov my dog. Smoked?
um, didn't we already have this question? Bungee jumped? no. Made yourself
throw up? no. only if knowing bending over would make me puke and puking would
make me feel better, so bending over. Skinny dipped? no. Ever been in love?
yes. Made yourself cry to get out of trouble? no. Pictured your crush naked?
what crush? Cried when someone died? no. Lied? of course. Fallen for your best
friend? no. Been rejected? of course. Rejected someone? yeah. Used someone?
yeah. Done something you regret? yeah.

[[ n u m b e r ]] Of times i have had my heart broken: 2. Of hearts i have
broken: id rather not know so i dont keep track. Of guys i've kissed: 0 Of
girls i've kissed: if i were the counting kind i would know...not THAT many.
Of continents i have lived in: 2 Of tight friends: shit. Of cds i own: enough.
Of scars on my body: a lot.

[[ f i n a l | q u e s t i o n s ]] Gold or Silver: silver. What was the last
film you saw at the movies: um, didn't we already have this question? Could
you live without your computer: yeah but it would be a different life. Would
you color your hair: yeah. Habla espanol: Deutsch Drink alcohol: of course.

