---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-02-24 02:18:00'
layout: post
slug: '198'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '198'
---


Seven things in your room: 1. computer 2. desk 3. chair 4. guitar 5. light 6.
stereo 7. kitchen

Seven things to do before death: 1. O 2. M 3. G 4. how 5. morbid 6. is 7.
that?

Seven things that attract you to the opposite sex: 1. make me laugh 2. like
what they like 3. sensual 4. intelligence 5. adventurous 6. black hair 7.
glasses!

Top seven things you say most: 1. dude 2. just FYI 3. fuck 4. just one more 5.
OH it was my fault. sorry computer. 6. Pavlov NO! 7. shit

Do You/Have You ever:

Read the newspaper?: not regularly Pray?: have Been in love?: yes Gone skinny
dipping?: no Had a medical emergency?: yes. [long story][1]. Had surgery?: not
proper surgery no. Swam in the dark? probably Been to a Bonfire: yea Got
Drunk: ha! Ran away from home?: no Played strip poker?: no Gotten beaten up?:
no Beaten someone up?: no. this one time i was throwing this one friend of
mine up against the lockers and almost got suspended. that was really dumb.
Been on stage?: yeah. Slept outdoors?: yeah Pulled an all nighter?: often If
yes, what is your record?: wtf? like days? 2 Been on radio/tv?: yeah. pirate
radio. Been in a mosh-pit?: yeah Been to a party: yeah Gotten lost in the
woods: probably Been in an Undertow: no Do you have any gay/lesbian friends?:
yeah

About You:

Three words that sum you up: idealist, passionate, torn Wallet: paul frank
union jack Coffee: y Shoes: campers Cologne/Perfume: gucci from bosnia
Clothing you have on: lucky jeans and miller high life tshirt from target

In the last 24 Hours have you:

Cried: no but i have like 4 times in the last month which is great Bought
something: groceries Gotten sick: n Sang: of course Felt stupid: yes Talked to
an ex: yes Had a serious talk: i guess Missed someone: yes Hugged someone: yes
Argued with a parent(s): no

Social Life:

Boyfriend/girlfriend: yes, but which shall remain my secret Car you drive:
honda civic Would you rather be with friends or on a date: date Attend church:
no Like being around people: sure

Last:

Thing you ate: pizza Thing you drank: chai Place you went: Hal's to watch I
heart Huckabees Person you hugged: Hal while saying goodbye but don't go there
Person you talked to on the phone: N Person you IMed: Hal when he invited me
to watch Huckabees Song you heard: Simple Minds is playing right now

Currents:

Current Mood: tired and unmotivated (hence this current proctrastination)
Current Taste: wtf does that mean? Current Hair: normal; getting longer
Current Sound: music

   [1]: http://www.danielsjourney.com/blog/index.php?file=2002_12_15.xml&id=93

