---
author: dealingwith
date: '2005-10-10 09:21:00'
layout: post
slug: forgive-me-for-quoting-a-large-portion-just-for-my-future-quick-reference
status: publish
title: forgive me for quoting a large portion, just for my future quick reference
wordpress_id: '625'
---

_...We love that we have ideals, ideas about a perfect world, etc, but we love
even more the fact that we find ways to get things done given what little we
have, and how valuable our resources are, and how expensive everything is.
It's sometimes more than we even contemplate possible to stay out an extra
hour past what our usual routine calls for. We make lemonade out of lemons on
a daily basis.

But being practical is also a curse. First of all, it forces you to throw out
ideas, and ideas about a perfect world. We put those under laminate and adore
them on holidays, but bring them out during the everyday and you will be
scorned and mocked as someone who hasn't yet learned that life doesn't work
that way, that it isn't fair, that it will continue to turn with or without
thee. That it waits for no man, woman, or child. This is fun.

We have a wobbly totem pole of misconceptions that allow us to continue to
make the same mistakes over and over again even though we strive at every node
to correct the mistakes. There are forces that keep our forces from forcing
themselves properly on the targets we set them on, and they also trick us into
forgetting what we were trying to do, if there ever was something there to
begin. Have we not as a human race figured these things out yet in a non-
cryptic and cheesy fashion?

Strangely, in some ways I think I have figured it out. There is this little
module in my brain that I toss things into and out come answers. It's not a
normal module--which I understand to be rather flighty (there one day, gone
the next) and inconsistent (your mileage may vary), but it has been fairly
consistent at receiving and processing questions that I have in a unique and
surprising way. Maybe not everyone thinks of their brain as a workshop with
various tools that each have varying degrees of usefulness, fragility, but it
doesn't seem far off from the truth. It sounds a bit cheesy though, so
humanity has not yet fashioned me the perfect brain module. Anyway, I have the
answers. But the answers are not like what I had expected them to be. For
example, the answers don't necessarily make me any happier... happiness is
like the taste of mackerel. You taste it most right when you put it in your
mouth, and you panic by chewing the taste and ultimately the happiness is gone
and you have only one other piece of mackerel (unless you place another
order). But in order to appreciate the last piece, you take a piece of ginger
(perhaps a metaphor for calm, or perhaps a metaphor for drunkenness), and then
take the piece. What the answers doo-doo is let you know how to order more
happiness when you want it. I think. You don't always want it, really.
Sometimes you want to get angry because the damn world is just so
infuriating... and the kaleidoscope of emotions metaphor makes an appearance
(it always does in these cheesy passages).

Blah blah blah. Here's a question for you:

Do you have a system for changing yourself when you decide you want to change?

__...Here's something I'm doing more and more and which I think might be a
hidden gold mine for actually changing yourself: solve things by taking things
away._

[Erik Benson: practicality, new brain module, change yourself by taking
something away][1]

   [1]: http://erikbenson.typepad.com/mu/2005/09/practicality_ne.html

