---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-03-11 15:48:00'
layout: post
slug: sx-update-03
status: publish
title: sx update 03
wordpress_id: '1095'
categories:
 - sxsw
 - sxswi2006
---

The [Opening Keynote][1] was worthy of capitalization, of course. Now I'm at
[BarCamp][2] catching up with food and friends and slightly more reliable
WiFi.

There were/are two things I'd love to ask [Mr. Fried][3]. I totally agree with
pretty much all the [Getting Real][4] stuff (and if you haven't bought that
book I recommend it for anyone, not just geeks), but have come up against a
couple issues that I think are rather common:

1. Burnout. "When you have less time you waste less time." But my problem is
after 8-9 hours a day of banging my head against the brick wall of .NET, I
don't have the mental energy to really concentrate on the side job. And don't
just tell me to use RoR was going to be my caveat...and related, what about
constraints at our day jobs, like what technology we must use or what
political hoops we must jump through? -- What I call "bad constraints." ...And
how are they able to blog so much?! They mentioned curiosity as the most
valuable human asset -- but I'm learning my third language and as each have
their nuance, strengths, and weaknesses, I'm coming up against my brain's
limit!

2. They mentioned being a generalist is a strength as well. But how does one
avoid the jack-of-all-trades-master-of-none syndrome, which I have been
feeling for some time now.

They mentioned failing while in obscurity as a good thing. I've certainly done
that! I'm just writing my long-standing intention to blog about my numerous
business failures of 2004-2005 on [underdeconstruction.com][5] (which is
currently under severe deconstruction).

Later:

Just attended [Chris Messina][6]'s [Flock][7] [presentation][8] here at
BarCamp. Short version: I LIKE. Will probably jump on the dev release as soon
as I hear it is stable enough for everyday use.

   [1]: http://2006.sxsw.com/interactive/programming/opening_remarks/

   [2]: http://barcamp.org/BarCampAustin

   [3]: http://37signals.com/svn/

   [4]: https://gettingreal.37signals.com/

   [5]: http://underdeconstruction.com/

   [6]: http://factoryjoe.com/blog/

   [7]: http://www.flock.com/

   [8]: http://factoryjoe.com/blog/2006/03/10/flock-etech-presentation-available/

