---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-10-04 00:02:00'
layout: post
slug: disco-backgrounds-flaming-horizontal-rules-and-blink-tags-would-look-more-like-art-today
status: publish
title: disco backgrounds, flaming horizontal rules, and BLINK tags would look more
  like art today
wordpress_id: '1718'
categories:
 - art
 - attention
 - blogs
 - design
 - elsewhere
 - quotable
 - web
---

[Airbag - Boxes.][1]:

> Before there were blogs we had websites. Beautiful, random websites that
felt more like a zine — one page looking nothing like the one before or after
it — or Wired magazine back in the early days when Jane Metcalf was art
directing. Clicking through a website hosted on Geocities was like playing
Russian roulette with your eyes but today those horrid pages with disco
backgrounds, flaming horizontal rules, and BLINK tags would look more like art
today than poorly designed website because we're so used to seeing boxy
newsletters (this site included). Content was in free-form, one page might
contain a paragraph set in headline tags and the next would be five pages set
in nine-point type. Sure it was sometimes frustrating but it certainly wasn't
boring. Today's content-tied-to-ads web is very bland in comparison and we
desperately need to rediscover the ways of our old, accidental bohemian
community.

When content is forced through a entry-commment-trackback-pagerank strainer it
all comes out looking the same no matter how the templates are designed. Sure
this format is functional but it's more like a Maersk shipping container than
a Volvo s50. This is fine for commercial purposes, the blog is certainly the
must-have online marketing device, but I miss those days when content wasn't
confined to categories, calendars, and links to vote a piece of content into a
popularity contest.

   [1]: http://www.airbagindustries.com/archives/airbag/boxes.php

