---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-02-08 10:49:00'
layout: post
slug: this-is-why-i-think-art-and-technology-work-together-so-well-they-both-use-monkey-metaphors
status: publish
title: 'this is why i think art and technology work together so well: they both use
  monkey metaphors'
wordpress_id: '978'
categories:
 - elsewhere
 - monkeys
 - technology
 - thoughts
---

[FactoryCity: The power of 1000 monkeys][1] _...I think this misses the
historical significance that the experience of a thousands of monkeys can
offer to a culture. I'm sure at some point some wise fella claimed that no one
would ever walk around carrying a "portable phone", but clearly after the
monkeys got a hold of them, culture soon changed so that now that's now the
common reality (at least in developed countries).

So I wouldn't poo-poo the notion just coz us geeks need to better attenuate
our attention streams. We're on the vanguard here, and what we need today will
surely eventually be needed by nongeeks, especially those kids growing up on
MySpace and LiveJournal today.

So think about it this way. The drains on our personal attention are getter
greater and more promiscuous. We will need to manage it. The kids in school
tomorrow will need more and more tools to manage it—and will be looking for
tools. What happens next? The cult of a thousand teenage monkeys will go about
the incremental effort of virally spreading those tools to their friends, and
will ultimately install it on mom and dad and grandma's computer… and say
stuff like, "Oh no! You're still using that silly [insert obsolete app here]??
Here, try this!"

And poof. One thousand elder monkeys will get the trickle up benefit of having
their attention stream whipped, chopped, sliced and diced without ever knowing
what RSS, blogging or the attention trust concept is all about owing to the
tenacity and technological prowess of a generation of a thousand younger
monkeys. Don't underestimate the network, Noah. It might seem like all this
stuff is just for geeks now, and that may be true for the next couple years.
But as software improves and gets easier to use—we're all going to be
experiencing personal attention deficits like we've never witnessed—and then,
yes then, just like the intarweb of today, the domain of attention attenuators
will become the commonplace hangout of the jocks and divas, our moms and
dads—and yes, we'll still be there too, grappling with 3800 unread items._

check out the withinlinked http://attentiontrust.org/ too. very intersting.

   [1]: http://factoryjoe.com/blog/2006/02/06/the-power-of-1000-monkeys/

