---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-02-09 17:31:00'
layout: post
slug: the-gory-antigora-by-jaron-lanier
status: publish
title: The Gory Antigora by Jaron Lanier
wordpress_id: '982'
categories:
 - elsewhere
---

[The Gory Antigora][1] by Jaron Lanier

_Contrast software with biological information, such as the information
encoded in DNA, which can frequently be changed slightly with results that are
also only modified slightly. A small change in a genotype will infrequently
make a phenotype absolutely unviable; it will usually effect either no change
or only a tiny change. All people have different genes, but few people have
serious birth defects. That smoothness in the relationship of change in
information to change in physicality is what allows the process of evolution
to have a meaningful signal with which to drive incremental adaptation,
despite the inevitably noisy nature of reality. Small changes in computer
software, by contrast, too frequently result in crashes or glitches that teach
observers nothing and cannot support smooth adaptation. The way I put this
succinctly is that "Software Sucks."


...Human cognition has been finely tuned in the deep time of evolution for
continuous interaction with the world. Demoting the importance of timing is
therefore a way of demoting all of human cognition and physicality except for
the most abstract and least ambiguous aspects of language, the one thing we
can do which is partially tolerant of timing uncertainty. It is only barely
possible, but endlessly glitchy and compromising, to build Virtual Reality or
other intimate conceptions of digital instrumentation (meaning those connected
with the human sensory motor loop rather than abstractions mediated by
language) using architectures like UNIX or Linux. But the horrible, limiting
ideas of command line systems are now locked-in. We may never know what might
have been. Software is like the movie "Groundhog Day," in which each day is
the same. The passage of time is trivialized.


...The degree to which human, or "natural" language is unlike computer code
cannot be overemphasized. Language can only be understood by the means of
interpretation, so ambiguity is central to its character, and is properly
understood as a strength rather than a weakness. Perfect precision would rob
language of its robustness and potential for adaptation. Human language is not
a phenomenon which is well understood by either science or philosophy, and it
has not been reproduced by technologies. Computer code, by contrast, is
perfectly precise and therefore immune to influence from context; and
therefore it lacks any deep sense of meaning. Code is nothing but a conveyance
of instructions that are either followed perfectly or not at all.


...A completely open system is also easy to design. The original Napster was
an example. Completely open systems have their own problems. The usual
criticism is that content creators are disincentivized, but the deeper problem
is that their work is decontextualized. Completely open music distribution
systems excel at either distributing music that was contextualized beforehand,
such as classic rock, or new music that has little sense of authorship or
identity, like the endless Internet feeds of bland techno mixes. (Yes, I'm
making a value judgment here. One must.) _

_...The most attractive designs, from the point of view of either democratic
ideals or the profit motive, would have intermediate qualities; they would
leak, but only a little. A little leakage greatly reduces the economic
motivation for piracy as well as the cost of promotion. A little leakage gives
context to and therefore enhances the value of everything. Alas, it is hard to
get desirable intermediate effects with digital systems..._

Like most geniuses, his ideas outpace his ability to communicate them, but
they still stretch the mind and challenge very broadly accepted assumptions.

   [1]: http://www.cato-unbound.org/2006/01/09/jaron-lanier/the-gory-antigora/

