---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-06-30 14:00:00'
layout: post
slug: spains-ongoing-doping-investigation-turned-into-an-executioner-friday-at-the-tour-de-france
status: publish
title: Spain's ongoing doping investigation turned into an executioner Friday at the
  Tour de France...
wordpress_id: '1460'
categories:
 - bicycling
 - elsewhere
 - tour de france
---

Spain's ongoing doping investigation turned into an executioner Friday at the
Tour de France, essentially decapitating the peloton's hierarchy just 24 hours
ahead of Saturday's prologue start in Strasbourg.

Pre-race favorites Jan Ullrich (T-Mobile) and Ivan Basso (CSC) were among nine
riders from five teams who were ruled out of the 93rd Tour in what brought
back bad memories of the 1998 Festina scandal.

Others not being allowed to start are Oscar Sevilla (T-Mobile), Francisco
Mancebo (Ag2r) and five members of Astana-Wurth: Sergio Paulinho, Isidro
Nozal, Allan Davis, Alberto Contador and Joseba Beloki.

Ullrich's and Basso's names were on a list of riders released by Spanish
authorities late Thursday that were alleged to have contact with Eufemiano
Fuentes, the Spanish doctor at the center of an suspected blood doping ring.

"I have nothing to do with all this, but I will let my lawyers speak about
this before me," Basso told Italian television.

Only nine names were on an official UCI list, but Spanish media outlets
printed a longer version that included 32 active riders and five retired
riders.


"I am in shock. I could cry," Ullrich told German television. "I have no
contact with Fuentes. I don't know him. I arrived at this Tour in perfect
condition. I am completely depressed but I will fight with my lawyers."

Spanish authorities uncovered an alleged blood doping ring with five arrests
May 23 and a series of media leaks over the past week reached a boiling point
ahead of this weekend's start of cycling's marquee race.

Officials took the unprecedented decision Friday to try to prevent the Tour
from being overwhelmed by the sport's biggest doping scandal since the 1998
Festina Affaire.

"This is worse than 1998. Cycling is at the point of death," said Caisse
d'Epargne sport director Eusebio Unzue.


[http://velonews.com/][3]

   [3]: http://velonews.com/
