---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-12-22 10:38:00'
layout: post
slug: you-might-find-the-devil-starts-to-have-a-certain-appeal-when-you-hit-that-high-growth-part
status: publish
title: You might find the devil starts to have a certain appeal when you hit that
  high growth part...
wordpress_id: '1900'
categories:
 - ambition
 - elsewhere
 - geek
 - innovation
 - monkeys
---

[Excellent observations by Christopher St. John][1] about bootstrapping vs.
taking capital. I feel it, having bootstrapped three different ventures and
having each sputter out at the moment when the potential for real revenue was
emerging while the capital requirements overran that available. Here is the
meat of the post behind an lj-cut. In Christopher's original there is also a
link to an excellent post at a VC blog for those so inclined.

> The slow-growth route turned out to be risky for several reasons: The
strategy required us to stay tiny, but that meant depending on just a few
customers making up a major percentage of our business. We simply wouldn't be
big enough to acquire or support more and we wouldn't have the cash to be
hiring. To make the numbers work I had to assume that we got customers fast
and kept them forever. Sales and support is shockingly expensive (at least it
was to me at that point) If we lost customers we immediately went negative
cash flow, which is a very ugly thing when there isn't much left in the bank.
And there's that little matter of lag time between hiring salespeople and
getting any benefit from them. Just a little bad luck and we were out of
business.

Competition was another risk. We knew of several other groups doing similar
products. There was much brainstorming on niche strategies (make the slice
small enough and you get your own piece of pie), but there are limits. It's
hard to eliminate every last competitor without putting yourself in a
unsurvivably small niche. You can do it for a while, but if you have any
intention at all of growing you have to consider how long it takes to get your
product to a larger market. The numbers had to assume we had a magically
defensible series of larger and larger markets to play in as we (oh so slowly)
grew.

Finally, there was focus. The slow-growth strategy meant an awful lot of
"doing this to survive long enough to do this other thing we really want to
do." Not necessarily a business risk, but it's a big motivation risk. It can
take a very long time to bootstrap your way into a "real" business. Why even
do a startup unless you've got a passionate belief in your product idea and
want to see it on the market sooner rather than later? Watching the
spreadsheet extend out year after year off to the right before we were "there"
was sobering.

Of course, VCs are evil and must be avoided at all costs, but to anyone
considering bootstrapping all the way up I recommend running the numbers both
ways. You might find the devil starts to have a certain appeal when you hit
that high growth part of the curve.

   [1]: http://artofsystems.blogspot.com/2006/12/web-20-bootstrapping-and-those-evil-vcs.html

