---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-03-15 02:59:00'
layout: post
slug: sx-update-08-lots-o-links-hope-you-have-some-time-and-why-am-i-yelling
status: publish
title: sx update 08 - LOTS O LINKS HOPE YOU HAVE SOME TIME AND WHY AM I YELLING?!
wordpress_id: '1135'
categories:
 - film
 - imagining
 - sxsw
 - sxswi2006
---

![][1] [most poetry is just incomplete sentences][2] ...forgot i had "penned"
that. :)

Dropped [Mr. Collins][3] at the airport this afternoon after [one][4]
disappointing panel (dispite the luminaries on it), then headed up to Round
Rock where I'll be staying for the rest of the week. Mr. [Hughes][5] had
already departed for the big D, but I know his family fairly well and it was
good to see them again. A nice nap later I rushed back into town for [The Law
Project][6] at the [Vortex Theatre][7] which I thought started at 7 but really
didn't start until after 8. So I walked to a taco stand for some dinner, had a
couple beers, and met Bostonian [Baratunde][8], who had wowed the crowd at
Fray Cafe Sunday night. Lots of good stuff on his site including a free PDF
copy of his latest book (from which he read at Fray Cafe), "Keep Jerry Falwell
Away From My Oreo Cookies," his podcast "Front Porch," and his blog. His very
[hot girlfriend][9] was there too, as she is playing a few gigs here at SX. I
will definitely have to check that out.

Speaking of hot, [Heather Gold][10] is as well, albeit thoroughly lesbian,
which I silently cursed for the first half of your amazing one woman show
tonight. She's also VERY smart, witty, funny, honest, and human. I got Erica
Felicella an [apron][11] (but don't tell her!) and with it a CD that I will
have to pass around the old fashioned way now that the mediashare is gone.

Then rushing off to the closing party, found great parking, ran into [Derek
Powazek][12] and finally got to say hello, chat, and be introduced to his
wonderful [wife][13] who then skirted him off for a drink somewhere else. And
no sooner had I walked into the party then a Mr. Benji Smith showed up at the
venue badge-less, so we strolled down the street and had a beer at a bar I
recognized as hosting the opening party last year.

Again rushing off to the [Alamo Drafthouse][14] (one of them) for a midnight
showing of [F*ck][15], a movie all about the wonderful word.

Got home and had a reply to my email to [Peter Wilson][16], turns out he's
playing three times between Thursday and Saturday, and I have his road
managers cell phone number. Should be some good times.

   [1]: http://www.23hq.com/dealingwith/photo/497463/mblog

   [2]: http://smallritual.blogs.com/small_ritual/2006/03/aphorisms.html

   [3]: http://smallritual.blogs.com/small_ritual/

   [4]:
http://2006.sxsw.com/interactive/programming/panels/?action=show&id=IAP060082

   [5]: http://theyblinked.com/blog/

   [6]: http://www.subvert.com/lawproject

   [7]: http://www.vortexrep.org/

   [8]: http://baratunde.com/

   [9]: http://www.mieka.com/

   [10]: http://www.subvert.com/

   [11]: http://www.subvert.com/media/images/apronadforsite.jpg

   [12]: http://powazek.com/

   [13]: http://hchamp.com/

   [14]: http://www.drafthouse.com/

   [15]: http://2006.sxsw.com/film/screenings/film/F5052.html

   [16]: http://dukespecial.com

