---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-10-08 22:43:00'
layout: post
slug: here-we-go-with-the-rollins
status: publish
title: here we go with the Rollins
wordpress_id: '1736'
categories:
 - faithy
 - humanity
---

**Doubt as virtue**

> ...if God cannot be adequately grasped, then how can we know for sure that
what is grasping us is God? It is argued that if the emerging community
follows this line of thinking, then it will ultimately find itself hacking
away at the tree under which it shelters, for surely everything is radically
undermined by the uncertainty that ensues from the idea of God as
hypernonymous.

The problem with this objection is not that its main insight concerning the
introduction of doubt is incorrect but rather that it fundamentally
misunderstands the role of that doubt within religion. In contrast to the
modern view that religious doubt is something to reject, fear or merely
tolerate, doubt not only can be seen as an inevitable aspect of our humanity
but also can be celebrated as a vital part of faith. Doubt has often been
disparaged, or merely tolerated, because it is seen as leading to an inert
state of undecidability in which nothing can be believed or acted upon. Yet in
reality it is only in the midst of undecidability that real decisions can be
made.

For instance, take the example of two people getting married with the firm
conviction that the union will last as long as they both live. In this state
of obvious delusion no real decision needs to be made. The future is believed
to be so certain that the decision to marry requires no decision at all. Yet
if two people understand that their relationship will face various hardships,
that the future is uncertain and that there are no guarantees, then far from
preventing a decision, this is the very point when a real decision needs to be
made. The vows of marriage are not so much affirmations of what one believes
will take place but rather promises that one will work towards ensuring that
it will indeed happen. To decide for marriage knowing that all manner of
things may conspire against the union is to make a truly daring and authentic
decision -- the only type of decision worthy of the name. Here we can see that
doubt provides the context out of which real decision occurs and real love is
tested, for love will say 'yes' regardless of uncertainty. A love that
requires contracts and absolute assurance in order to act is no love at all.

In the same way, the believer who encounters serious doubt does not renounce
his or her faith but rather uses it as an opportunity to affirm it. We may
call this acknowledgement of doubt a Holy Saturday experience (a term that
refers to the 24 hours nestled between the crucifixion and resurrection of
Christ). This day marked a moment of great uncertainty and darkness for the
followers of Jesus. Yet it is precisely in the midst of a Holy Saturday
experience that the decision to follow Christ becomes truly authentic. A faith
that can only exist in the light of victory and certainty is one which really
affirms the self while pretending to affirm Christ, for it only follows Jesus
in the belief that Jesus has conquered death...If one loses one's life only
because one believes that this is the way to find it, then one gives up
nothing; to truly lose one's life, one must lay down that life without regard
to whether or not one finds it. Only a genuine faith can embrace doubt, for
such a faith does not act because of a self-interested reason (such as fear of
hell or desire for heaven) but acts simply because it must. A real follower of
Jesus would commit to him before the crucifixion, between the crucifixion and
the resurrection, and after the resurrection.

**The end of apologetics**

The fear and rejection of doubt as a legitimate part of faith can be seen at
its most stark in the twentieth-century Church's obsession with the area of
apologetics (a term which refers to a formal justification or defence of
doctrine). Legal terminology is often employed within this apologetic
discourse so as to give the impression that Christianity can be proven beyond
all reasonable doubt by a cold and objective analysis of the empirical
evidence for its claims...

These power discourses...attempt to present faith in such a way that
rejection, if not impossible, is utterly irrational. In this way, the
acceptance or rejection of the system is based, not upon a love for the system
or a feeling of overwhelming seduction by it, but rather upon the accumulation
of evidence that stands secure, regardless of the motive and desires of the
individual...

- [Peter Rollins][1]

   [1]: http://www.amazon.co.uk/Not-Speak-God-Peter-Rollins/dp/0281057982/sr=8-1/qid=1158917024/ref=sr_1_1/026-0801618-0606848?ie=UTF8&s=books

