---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-07-21 17:54:00'
layout: post
slug: so-floyd
status: publish
title: so Floyd...!?!!!!!!?!
wordpress_id: '1511'
categories:
 - bicycling
 - brilliant
 - tour de france
---

[![][1]][2]

We got your _panache_ right here, pal. Whether he intended to or not, Landis
offered up a good answer to his critics.

photo: [Graham Watson][3]

... followed up his [terrible day][4] with a [really amazingly fantastic
day][5]

...any wonder why I'm becoming this guy's biggest fan?!

...from today:

Landis' heroics the day before created a huge buzz at the Tour. Rivals and
experts alike were in agreement that his attacking ride Thursday was one of
the most epic demonstrations in cycling history. _L'Equipe_ called it the
"Ride of the Century."

Landis handled all the attention with typical aplomb. He answered a few
questions from journalists before disappearing after the stage. He'll preview
the course in the morning and then race for his place in history.

"I was strong yesterday. I did a bit of a time trial yesterday," he said
joking. "So it was a good warm-up."

[![][6]][7]

Landis remains confident â€“ thirsty, but confident

photo: [Graham Watson][3]

His calm public demeanor is in marked contrast with the ambition and desire
burning within his frame. Maybe it was a charged-up fan who put it best, who
yelled out as Landis slipped away.

"Give 'em hell tomorrow, Floyd, give 'em hell!"

If Landis's performance so far in this Tour is any indication, that's the one
thing you can safely bet on.

...**but [the best commentary][8] is of course from [Patrick O'Grady][9]:**

> None of my colleagues in the cycling press thought to ask Floyd Landis the
two questions I wanted answered after Stage 17: What kind of beer were you
drinking last night, and where can I get some?

This is what happens when a magazine sends amateur tipplers to cover a
sporting contest of this magnitude. John Wilcockson may have written up 39
Tours de France, but I'll bet you a case of Deschutes Brewery's Twilight Ale
that I can drink that skinny Limey under the table without even getting up to
take a leak. And I certainly expected more from Rupert Guinness, who in
addition to being named after an Irish beer is an Aussie - on the rare
occasions when one of those guys gets hurt badly enough to bleed, the stuff
tests out at 8 percent alcohol, and comes complete with a foamy head.

I mean, c'mon - how many cues does a savvy scribe need? During a press
conference after Landis went as flat as a 2-year-old Michelob Ultra on the
Stage-16 grunter to La Toussuire, the former race leader was asked, "How do
you deal with this from a mental standpoint?"

His reply: "I don't know. Drink some beer? That's what I'm thinking about
now."

Then, at a press conference on Thursday, after Landis chased down an 11-man
breakaway, killed them and ate them, built a new bicycle out of their bones,
and roared away in a pillar of fire to win the stage to Morzine and jump back
to within 30 seconds of the yellow jersey, he mentioned beer once again.

Asked why he kept calling for water, more water, alternately drinking it and
pouring it over his head, Landis quipped: "It was very hot. Maybe that was the
explanation, or maybe it was the beer I had last night." No follow-up
question. Good Lord, what the hell are they teaching in journalism schools
these days? Stenography? Sobriety? The man has discovered the elixir of the
gods in some anonymous French taproom and the sporting press just stands there
like so many badly dressed mannequins, pondering their next hoary cliche.

Was it Shiner Bock? Didn't the French outlaw that brew after Lance went all
bulletproof on them? Chimay? No, Landis is a Mennonite cyclist, not a Trappist
monk. Stella Artois? Wasn't she in "A Streetcar Named Desire?"

Frantic, I e-mailed my pal Big Jonny at DrunkCyclist, who has an almost
encyclopedic knowledge of cyclists and their beverages. But he was off
somewhere, either cycling or drinking, or both, and I got no reply.

Oh, it's maddening, I tell you. I could be a six-pack away from cycling
success - I just don't know which six-pack has the killer legs in it. So I'm
off to the liquor store with an empty Toyota pickup and a credit card. I
figure I'll start with Anchor Steam and work my way down the alphabet to
Zywiec Porter until I find the one that does the trick.

I know what you're thinking: "Why don't you just ask Floyd what beer he was
drinking?" Well, yeah, I could do that, I suppose. But there's no guarantee
he'd tell me. Would you? Besides, it's Friday, the Tour's on TV, and I'm
thirsty for some reason. And you never know - we might have something worth
raising a glass to come Sunday.

   [1]: http://images.velonews.com/images/details/10493.15858.t.jpg

   [2]: void
window.open('/view_full.php?image=/images/details/10493.15858.f.jpg',
'ViewFull', 'height=730,width=519,toolbar=no');

   [3]: http://www.grahamwatson.com

   [4]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/396422.html

   [5]: http://www.velonews.com/tour2006/details/articles/10493.0.html

   [6]: http://images.velonews.com/images/details/10515.15890.t.jpg

   [7]: void
window.open('/view_full.php?image=/images/details/10515.15890.f.jpg',
'ViewFull', 'height=667,width=470,toolbar=no');

   [8]: http://www.velonews.com/news/fea/10513.0.html

   [9]: http://www.maddogmedia.com/

