---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-03-25 10:22:00'
layout: post
slug: quote-of-the-day-2
status: publish
title: quote of the day
wordpress_id: '1151'
categories:
 - quotable
---

_People place their hand on the Bible and swear to uphold the Constitution.
They don't put their hand on the Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible._
--Jamie Raskin ([via][1] [via][2])

and check [this][3] out!: _On Wednesday, March 1st, at the invitation of
Equality Maryland, Jamie testified in front of the Maryland State Senate
against the proposed anti-gay amendment that would write discrimination into
the state Constitution._

> My name is Jamin Raskin and I am a professor of Constitutional Law at
American University's Washington College of Law. I live in Montgomery County
with my wife and three children.

Tom Paine taught us that a Constitution is not an act of government, but of
"the people constituting a government."

So this is no ordinary legislative proposal before you but an effort to
redefine our social contract. You have been offered the chance to become the
first Legislature in Maryland history to subtract and exclude liberty and
rights from our Constitution.

It reminds me of the 18th Amendment, Prohibition, which we adopted at the
national level in 1919. The outburst of self-righteous moralism which produced
this amendment eventually subsided and Prohibition was repealed after fourteen
bloody and disastrous years.

However, as misguided and doomed as Prohibition was, it at least had a public
policy rationale, which was to get rid of the social ills associated with
drinking, and it applied to everyone equally.

This proposed Amendment has no public policy rationale other than prejudice
and it falls exclusively on a vulnerable minority.

As far as I can tell, the argument for writing marriage discrimination into
our Constitution rests on essentially theological premises: God forbids gay
marriage; my church opposes it; it violates natural law; and so on. But these
arguments reflect a basic confusion about the American Constitution and our
framework of liberty.

Under our First Amendment, the State may never dictate to a church who it must
marry. If the government wants to force a church to marry inter-faith couples
or interracial couples or a couple of people who had been divorced or a gay
couple, but the church does not want to marry these people for its own
theological reasons, the government loses and the church wins. Under the Free
Exercise Clause, a church may marry only those people it wants to marry and
reject the rest even for reasons that other people may consider narrow-minded,
stupid or prejudiced or indeed for no reason at all.

But, at the same time, individual churches or even coalitions of churches may
never dictate to the State who it may marry. Even if a group of large churches
decides that it is irreligious or sacrilegious or just plain evil for people
to marry outside of their faiths or across racial lines and the churches
mobilize their members to lobby the state legislature to unanimously pass a
law against miscegenation or inter-faith marriage, these law will be struck
down. They violate Due Process, Equal Protection and the Establishment Clause.

In 1967 the Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia struck down Virginia's law
against whites marrying African-Americans, Asian-Americans and Hispanics
despite the fact that it was overwhelmingly popular and its champions invoked
Biblical authority for its legitimacy. The Court found that Equal Protection
and the Due Process right to marry are supreme in America; they control and
displace discriminatory state marriage laws, even ones based on religious
ideas that majorities passionately endorse.

Thus, when I hear testimony from my fellow Marylanders about how ending
statewide marriage discrimination would collide with their church beliefs, my
response is simple and, I hope, reassuring: Your church will never have to
perform a marriage ceremony of any gay couple or indeed any couple of any kind
that it disapproves of. If the state tries to force your church to marry
anyone, I will gladly represent your church pro bono to stop the state from
imposing its orthodoxy on you and interfering with your freedom to
discriminate as a religion.

But the irony here is that the State today is stopping many churches and
temples from marrying gay couples that the churches want to marry. That is,
the State today is violating the rights of many churches--including Unitarian,
Episcopal, Presybeterian and Jewish congregations, among many others--who seek
to perform lawful weddings for their parishioners but may not simply because
other groups of citizens think it would be wrong for them to do it.

Because America is for all its citizens regardless of religion and because so
many churches have so many different belief systems, we are governed here not
by religious law but by secular law. The rules of civil marriage--the license
that the State grants you to marry--must be determined with respect to the
federal and state Constitutions, not particular religious claims, no matter
how fervently held.

And the constitutional principles are clear. First, Due Process protects the
fundamental right of all consenting adults to marry. This is a right so
sweeping that it covers even people who marry multiple times like Elizabeth
Taylor, people who get married on television game shows like Who Wants to
Marry A Millionaire, deadbeat dads who seek to remarry, see Zablocki v.
Redhail, 434 U.S. 374 (1978), and convicted prisoners, see Turner v. Safley,
482 U.S. 78 (1987), including murderers on death row, many of whom have
married people they have met by mail. The fundamental right to marry actually
includes even gay and lesbian citizens, who have been able to marry for
centuries so long as they would consent to marry people they could never have
a successful marriage with--that is, straight people of the opposite sex. And
who knows how many thousands of unhappy marriages of this kind there have
been? In any event, the Supreme Court has said that the right to marry is
fundamental for all citizens.

Second, Equal Protection gives people the right to be married without
discrimination based on race, ethnicity, nationality and other arbitrary
factors, such as animosity towards a minority group.

Third, in Maryland we have an Equal Rights Amendment which the Circuit Court
has interpreted to forbid marriage discrimination. The theory essentially is
that a state cannot allow a lesbian to marry a man but forbid her to marry a
woman. This policy is not only irrational and cruel but unconstitutional.

Now, a court could choose--and courts have chosen--to invalidate marriage
discrimination on the basis of any and all of these constitutional principles.
We can argue about the particular doctrinal basis for doing it, but marriage
discrimination has no rational basis; it is rooted in fear of the unknown,
animus, and anxiety about other things, like the relentless sexual images
purveyed towards our children by the commercial mass media, very high
heterosexual divorce rates and the difficulties that people have keeping
families together in times of great economic stress and geographic
dislocation.

But it seems to me that the advocates of this amendment want to cement not
only a particular religious doctrine or moral judgment into our Constitution
but an obsolete view of human sexuality. The supposition seems to be that gay
and lesbian Americans, unlike the rest of us, have chosen their sexuality and
have chosen wrong. But all of the gathering scientific evidence suggests very
strongly that our sexual orientation has a hereditary and biological basis.
Think of the gay people you know in your families or friends; now think of the
straight people. Do you really think they have freely chosen their sexual
orientation?

Doctors don't even know how to keep grown heterosexual men, like our State
Comptroller, from ogling young women in public. Do you really think they can
turn millions of gay men and women into straight people?

When all of the scientific and anecdotal evidence we have suggests that our
sexual orientation is simply part of us, like our hair color, the decision to
rope off marriage--an institution that carries hundreds and hundreds of legal
and governmental benefits and privileges--from certain groups of people based
on their sexual orientation can be described as nothing more than cruel and
irrational discrimination.

Our Constitution should not be an historical record of our prejudices and
follies but, as much as possible, a covenant reflecting our devotion to
expanding liberty and equality for all of our citizens.

   [1]: http://www.politicalcortex.com/story/2006/3/15/234841/305

   [2]: http://julievw.blogspot.com/2006/03/quote-people-place-their-hand-on-bible.html

   [3]: http://www.raskin06.com/marriageequality.php

