---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-09-12 00:16:00'
layout: post
slug: '1648'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '1648'
categories:
 - brilliant
 - comedy
 - elsewhere
 - fun
 - quotable
---

[The Freakin Hott: Judas Federline?!?!?!][1]

> He parked his assbag mobile and shuffled towards me with an exaggerated
white boy “pimp limp” that made 50 Cent look like Andrew McCarthy in prep
school on a tennis scholarship. He was wearing a nylon warm-up suit with the
sleeves ripped off, exposing his assortment of barbed wire and pit bull
tattoos. The top was zipped down to his belly button so he could flaunt his
nipple rings and glittery chest. (I’m not kidding. There was glitter on it.)
His camouflage-print hat was turned a notch to the side to show off his overly
sculptured Jesse Metcalfesque eyebrows that framed his dullard eyes like
caterpillars. In short, he looked so much like Kevin Federline that I found
myself clutching my wallet and putting on a dress made of lead to protect my
reproductive organs. Gucci tinted sunglasses at night? Check. Spray on tan?
Check. Vacant look with accompanying smirk? Check. General uselessness as a
human being? Check. Leather and metal-studded arm band that went from wrist to
elbow? Check.

Wait a second.

I know. I was thinking the same thing. Where does THAT garment come into play?
I was so confused by this accessory, I had to follow him to see if I could
make sense of it all.

In case you're missing Maggie's brilliance, I'm pointing you to it for your
own edification (I'm looking at you SJ).

   [1]: http://thefreakinhott.blogspot.com/2006/09/judas-federline.html

