---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-02-20 23:50:00'
layout: post
slug: random-2
status: publish
title: random
wordpress_id: '1923'
categories:
 - change
 - random
 - thinking
 - thoughts
 - tyler durden
---

tonight i was once again lamenting the lack of tools we have for dealing
with what has become an exponential rate of collective change in our lives.
more than any generation, we must absorb a massive rate of change. go back
from three to 1000 generations ago and the total change is less than that of
just the most recent two (i'm selfishly starting with my own here, trying not
to feel so old). i observed, "it's just like tyler durden said, 'we are the
middle children of history.'"

yesterday i had the thought that with just slight (from a '30,000 foot level')
changes, broad, deep assumptions could be turned on their head. i had this
realization thinking about lawyers. a venerated (mostly) and well rewarded
position in our society, the profession is based entirely around understanding
a system. imagine the reversal of lawyeristic fortunes under any of the
following: we develop into a stable anarchistic society; we fall into a
totalitarian dictatorship (without an illusion of process); the legal
institution of marriage was eliminated; or even if we just became radically
libertarian. or stopped suing one another; stopped understanding recompense in
purely monetary terms.

this led me to think of the changes that could turn our "economy" on its head.
the other currently venerated position is that of the "knowledge worker"--
another societal slot entirely dependent on systems. what if those systems
decay or evolve (outside of our inventions and additions to them--this sounds
very matrixy, but that's not what i'm thinking...i just can't yet describe
what i'm thinking) in ways that negate our skills?

what if transportation systems broke. what if electronic currency systems
broke.

what if local carpenters and metalworkers and tailors once again became the
most valued professions?

which got me to the thought this evening: this is why we love apocalyptic
movies so much. (and tying this back to my original point) we can handle and
imagine apocalyptic change. the earth is moving all the time, but we'd rather
have an earthquake.

the other day a coworker and i were discussing debt elimination (there is a
word for this that is escaping me atm, but apparently this was a thread
continued from a separate conversation with theyblinked about whether it would
be a zero sum game--i.e. we all owe one another). i said that i would not be
in favor of such a thing, having zero debt (beyond what is currently on my
credit card this month); i also expressed concern for those who would game the
system--i.e. get as many mortgages as possible before this day of jubilee
(there's the word)--or, denying that (with no preknowledge possible), that it
would simply reward the reckless and dumb who lived their lives on the brink
of bankruptcy for the sake of social appearances and/or telluric comfort.

but i realized to think about monetary systems in such a tyler durden way is
much too simplistic. a righteous goal not being to game the current system but
to subvert it entirely. to re-paradigm it completely. i think that's why us
geeks like geeky stuff so much: because it can enact change that we deem
positive and deeply humanistic.

but we as human beings would still not be able to deal with that change. we
would need tools; and gawddammit if that is the part that interests me so
much, and i have not the faintest idea how to begin to even think about it...
