---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-01-02 19:03:00'
layout: post
slug: hel-lo-2006-and-goodbye-2005
status: publish
title: Hel-lo 2006 (and GOODBYE 2005)
wordpress_id: '828'
categories:
 - technology
 - thinking
---

> Technology has always been about amplifying our power, blowing ourselves up
so that with the squeeze of a hot finger on cold metal we could snuff out a
life 100 yards away, with the pressing of a foot on a pedal we could
accelerate ourselves and two tonnes of internal combustion to 100mph in a city
side-street.

> So what to do? Go back? Impossible? Seek some Luddite golden age? Foolish. We
took raw creation, thought we had tamed it, and realize that it has bridled
us. Technology has been used, like religion, to draw power to ourselves. We
must now, like religion, channel it to benefit 'the other'. Turn it round.
Turn it upside down. Get out of the 'command centre' surrounded by screens and
power and switches, and get to the node: facilitating, passing on, feeding,
sharing.

> We're getting there. As our technology becomes more 'complex', so the centres
of power can only begin to distribute, dissolve and work better for the
'others.' We're on a 'stages of faith' cycle with it: starting with innocent
dreams and wildly optimistic predictions about its power to save, working
through our self-centred enjoyment, our struggles and doubts, and hopefully
coming to a conjunctive place where we can see the good, even while we
appreciate the potential for great harm.

[The Complex Christ: Technology: Fight the Power][1]

   [1]: http://thecomplexchrist.typepad.com/the_complex_christ/2006/01/technology_figh.html#more
