---
author: dealingwith
date: '2006-02-08 06:49:00'
layout: post
slug: totally-random
status: publish
title: totally random
wordpress_id: '976'
categories:
 - minutia
 - monkeys
 - personal notes
 - thoughts
 - trickster
---

I had more thoughts but broke to SSS and now they're mostly gone.

fawkit.

[Music for listening to in regards to what this post was supposed to be about
and may yet be but I kind of doubt it][1].

_The way we live exists apart from us, but it does not exist unless we live
it. We always inhabit a story that others have shaped, but we also always
participate in the shaping. Great poets have come before us, but we can still
be the poets of individual lives. The gods are above us, but they need us to
protect them from hunger.

When we have forgotten the latter portion of these paradoxes, when the way we
live closes in around us, feeling like a web woven by strangers, a deadening
pattern and not an enlivening one, then if we are lucky, the Monkey of the
Mind will begin his mischievous chatter to wake us from our torpor. For those
who are particularly thickheaded he will...show them how taking the code too
seriously leads them again and again into a kind of self-torture.

...When we have forgotten that we participate in the shaping of this world and
become enslaved to shaping left us by the dead, then a cunning artus-worker
may appear, sometimes erasing the old boundaries so fully that only no-way
remains and creation must start as if from scratch, and sometimes just
loosening up the old divisions, greasing the joints so they may shift in
respect to one another, or opening them so commerce will spring up where "the
rules" forbid it...The Monkey of the Mind knows that human beings had a hand
in articulating the world they inhabit and so knows that human beings can
remake it when they need to. To wake that Monkey is to wake the possibility of
playing with the joints of creation, the possibility of art._

[...wrecks art exhibit, pt 3][2]

It seems that the level of contingency only increases as life progresses.

Somehow this all relates to Integration Research. It seems like the only
people who get it are busy with their own entrepreneurial efforts. Those
without visions of their own cannot find enough of the Monkey to accept our
faith, as it were...and those who do have their own denomination already
etc...

Sunday I wrote mostly to myself, _i didn't take the bread and wine...i need to
get in the ring with god, not sit at the table with herhimit_.

"As this prayer has yet to be answered, instead we explore others who have
gone on before us, surviving in this spiritual world that disallows our
attempts to ignore its contingencies and incongruencies.

"...It seems that the struggle to journey along a path that 'thinks' and
'sees' is not just linked or similar to a 'spiritual' path, or the Gospels, or
wisdom literature, or historical struggles for justice, freedom, and equality,
it is as one with them as lovers locked in the sweaty, smelly bonds of
intercourse."

![][3]

It seems like we're all in our own little echo chambers, mostly opaque
shimmering spheres encircling us with their blissful ignorance. Above us are
the vines hanging down ([d**e**vine threads][4] perhaps?) from a higher level
and the Monkey(ies) swing, penetrating our chambers like in a sci-fi movie,
anomolies in the Matrix. First shock at their appearance at the edge of our
understanding, then puzzled observation as they make their way through our
headspace, then just as we're getting used to their idea they swing through
the other side, out of sight.

....

http://www.squidoo.com

[http://sethgodin.typepad.com...][5]

[http://danielsjourney.com/art/music...][6]

   [1]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2006/02/Josh%20Joplin%20-%20Jaywalker%20-%204%20-%20Jaywalker's%20of%20the%20World.mp3

   [2]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/index.php?file=2004_01.xml&id=116

   [3]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2006/02/00473017.jpg

   [4]: http://www.sevenmagazine.org/april02/threads.htm

   [5]: http://sethgodin.typepad.com/seths_blog/2006/01/flipping_the_fu.html

   [6]: http://danielsjourney.com/art/music/2006/pleasantry_lane/

