---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-02-08 09:55:00'
layout: post
slug: yahoo-pipes
status: publish
title: Yahoo Pipes
wordpress_id: '1989'
categories:
 - cool
 - geek
 - swim
 - technology
 - wooo
 - wtf
---

http://radar.oreilly.com/archives/2007/02/pipes_and_filte.html

This has been a really exciting week and this might have just pushed me over
the edge.

No. Seriously. The universe is sunning on me greatly.

dealingwith: u heard of Y!Pipes yet? Kevin: notchet Kevin: what it is?
dealingwith: drag and drop editor that allows you to connect internet data
sources, process them, and redirect the output. Yahoo! describes it as "an
interactive feed aggregator and manipulator" that allows you to "create feeds
that are more powerful, useful and relevant." dealingwith:
http://radar.oreilly.com/archives/2007/02/pipes_and_filte.html dealingwith:
i'm wondering if i can create SWIM Research inside of it dealingwith: but the
site won't come up for me dealingwith: don't know if it's public-public yet or
not Kevin: hmm dealingwith: i kinda have to tear myself away from all the blog
press and just check it out when it's up and running properly Kevin: heh
Kevin: ima try to get in Kevin: Im in dealingwith: bah! dealingwith: ah Kevin:
i am getting 'system error' messages from it tho Kevin: funny Kevin: it has
its own error message dialogs that dont work Kevin: lol dealingwith: heh
dealingwith: there is so much shit going on on the web right now it's a little
overwhelming Kevin: lol Kevin: this thing is sooo broken dealingwith: right?
Kevin: right now at least dealingwith: ha dealingwith: that sucks dealingwith:
can u get it to do anything? Kevin: nope dealingwith: me neither Kevin: cant
even search for a source dealingwith: nope

