---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-03-26 10:20:00'
layout: post
slug: dystopia
status: publish
title: dystopia
wordpress_id: '2095'
categories:
 - fiction
---

"What do you want for your birthday grandpa?"

"A pack of cigarettes and a six-pack of Shiner!" he yelled in response to our
question. He always yelled. We didn't know if it was because he was deaf or
always pissed off.

We called him grandpa because of his age not his relation to us. As far as we
knew he had no family. He sat on his porch across the street most nights, and
as we were also in the habit, we had come to know him.

We knew little about him. He was hilariously grumpy. He read small
philosophical tomes. He smoked incessantly. He drank in the evenings. He
stayed up late on the weekends, watching the bar crowds stumble down the
street. It was most frequently those nights, arriving home ourselves, that we
would take the guitars and go sit on the porch with him, laughing at his
gentle obstinance.

We wouldn't have given any thought to his birthday had it not been for the
card laying on the table that night. We were infinitely curious as to who had
sent the card -- a daughter? An ex-lover? All we knew was it was a woman's
handwriting on a homemade card. On the front it said, "You're not dead yet?!?"
We didn't assume to pick it up and look at whatever was written inside.

"And a HOOKER!" he added, laughing big guffaws, as he did, quickly turning
into coughs that took a full minute to recover from.

Then, "Never let fear prevent you from doing what is right, or what will make
you happy." We were all somewhat dumbstruck. Such austereness was never heard
from his mouth; even when we asked him about his philosophy books, he would
only reply, "It's crap!"

"There will come a day when you have to decide between what you've been taught
to be true and what you know to be true. And on that day you will be scared as
shit! And on that day, pick your gawwd damm," he slipped into a Texas accent
when he said "god damn" and then repeated sans accent, "Pick your god damn
balls up off the ground, reattach them to your god damn body, and make the
right choice!"

The next afternoon I walked across the street with a carton of Camel lights
and a case of beer. He wasn't on the porch, so -- for the first time ever -- I
knocked on the door. He didn't answer, so I put the gifts next to his chair
and hoped the rainclouds that were threatening wouldn't ruin our offerings
before he discovered them.

As I started back across the street a nondescript car pulled up in front of
the house and a nondescript woman got out. I was so in shock to see someone
else coming to grandpa's house I don't even remember what I asked her.

"Mr. Citizen died in the night," she said, "We are trying to locate a next of
kin, but he has no records with the state."

I was a little numb most of the day, and smoked the cigarettes and drank the
beer. None of the other guys could believe it either, and that night we raised
a glass to "grandpa." The next week a family of four bought the house at
auction. They were considerably less keen on our late night porch soirees.

