---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-09-01 12:30:00'
layout: post
slug: '2281'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2281'
categories:
 - europe
 - minutia
 - travel
---

12:30

Shannon airport is total chaos, Ryanair puts the suck in budget, my system in
a state where all I can think is, "How are these people _eating_?" My flight
is supposed to board in one minute but I don't think it's going to happen. St.
Vincent's _Apocolypse Song_ finally made me pick up a pen and write. After
_Land Mines_ I'll have to put the iPod away and listen for a boarding
announcement.

I have no idea. But I'm content.

13:00

Um? OMG? This is going to be the longest short flight ever. I've never
actually seen a plane where they crammed so many seats in. If my femers were
any longer they literally would not fit. And the seat backs are total plastic
so there's no extra cushion for...oh, there's actually no mechanism for
putting one's seat back, so that's a relief. This flight is completely packed
too, with plenty of children and smelly old men. None next to me yet, but I'm
skeptical. I have the only free seat I can see next to me and there are still
people coming on.

Might mike it. American pilot? Oh gawd. Still more people to come. We're
sitting here for another 30 minutes. One hour flight. I think this is the kind
where they charge for tea. Ok, no, I can't really explain how close the seats
are. I'm not clausterphobic that I know, but I'm losing it a little. Time for
headphones. They're blasting commercials through the intercom. For drinks. Heh
that would be nice if I could find a place to put it or move my and to my
face.

14:00(ish)

Can't bear to pay two Euros for a six ounce Coke. They're shameless. And it
only reminds me that this flight cost more than a business class flight from
Dallas to Miami. Now they're advertising proprietary scratch cards over the
intercom. the flight attendants keep bumping me on their way past.

> Once you see a person go psycho, you can never look at him or her the same
way again. You hear that so-and-so's crazy and it's cute and funny, but once
you've seen it for real, it's over.

_Elenor Rigby_ (forgot to note the page)

The seat never filled. My legs are in that place. It's the little things.
_Elenor Rigby_ has gotten to the point where I can hardly put it down. I must
return to it.

> Travel dissolves you. It makes you need to rebuild yourself, forces you to
remember where you're from.

_Elenor Rigby_, pg 204

The lady next to me bought a scratch card, huge smile on her face. I'll never
understand this culture's fascination with gambling.

