---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-03-17 13:43:00'
layout: post
slug: yesterday-by-way-of-contextualizing-twitters
status: publish
title: yesterday by way of contextualizing twitters
wordpress_id: '2075'
categories:
 - local
 - man that was some party
 - minutia
 - music
---

Lots of [twitter foo from me yesterday][1]. That would be me having crazy day
solo* at SXSW.

*Even though I ran into lots of people I knew almost everywhere. I still felt
the need to share with my twitterfriends.

[The drive to Austin was really long][2] and then it took an hour to go around
a single block to find parking [[1][3]] [[2][4]] (accidentally hit send in the
middle of a twitter), which fortunately I did before I had to circle more
blocks (got the last spot in an expensive open air lot but it was so worth
it).

Went to the Paste venue and waited in line. Not sure if the door guy ever
found my name on teh list, but let me in anyway. As soon as I walked in Zipf
said hello, he was loading in. [Cold War Kids started playing right then too,
and since I couldn't find Zipf again I decided to check them out][5].
[Apparently my twitter was longer than even a standard SMS][6]. I like the
Cold War Kids' music, but they have jumped the hipster shark as it were. [They
bounce around on stage like nu metal people!][7] And hipsters in the audience
were doing the same thing! [It was causing serious cognitive dissonance and
agoraphobia so I went upstairs to the deck to check things out. I found free
beer and food and was instantly happier][8]. Unfortunately, by the time I
finished my first beer (for those who do not know me, this doesn't take long)
[the comp tab was done][9]. This bummed me out for obvious reasons, but then
an amazing thing happened, [all the hipsters there for CWK's left][10]! It was
like instant relief, and turned out to be the pivot point for the day (further
intensifying my hipsteraphobia).

Then Zipf played. [He opened with my favorite song of his and it was weird to
see my kit on stage with me not playing it][11]. That pretty much summed that
up.

I then ran into a woman I met at [Danielson's show at Rubber Gloves last
year][12]. She's from Brooklyn but originally from Dallas. So we chatted for a
bit. [Then I ran into][13] [Daniel Hughes][14] and chatted with him for a bit.
This was towards the beginning of Sondre Lerche's set, which was blowing my
mind! Then later in the set [I noticed Sondre's drummer was using my kick
drum][15]. Part of me was pissed for people loaning out the drums I loaned to
them*, but part of me was totally excited that my drum kit was getting famous!
I'm such a wannabe.

*I'm more pissed Andy's drummer dented the *crap* out of my snare head, but it
was an old head and it may yet show up with a new head, so I'm reserving
resentment. Ha.

Then [I followed Andy and a couple other ppl over the Muzak tent][16], which
was in a prime location right across from the convention center, and had more
free beer and food. Ran into a girl I dated a couple of times last fall (that
no one knows about) and chatted with her and her friend for a while. Andy
played again at the Muzak tent, but SX being what it is, right as he started
this nasty rock band in the next tent over started a set as well, and it
sucked*. Andy totally diffused it with some witty stage banter, so that was
good. I was feeling really bad for him. But he's a pro. He only played three
songs, and I don't know if that was planned or if he bailed because of the
other band's noise.

*Biggest annoyance about SX besides the just-a-little-too-big-for-me crowds is
the constant cacophony. Both in industry wankers' conversation and in
indistinguishable rock coming from all the cheap semi-outdoor venues and
parking lot wannabe stages.

In the Most Serendipitous Occurrence award category, I had the thought pop in
my brain --like, I wasn't going through my phone looking for potential
SXSWer's-- "I wonder if [John Ralston][17] is here." And I still had his phone
number in my phone from a 2005 Florida trip, so I texted him. He texted me
back that he was playing at 8:30! I was like Holy Crap.

I already knew that [my friend John Athayde was going to be playing with Honor
by August][18]. We had been emailing and texting, and about this time (just
post-Muzak tent), he rolled into town. So I went over to their venue where
they were checking in, and then got to hang out with him for probly an hour or
so, before heading over to John's show. (HbA's show was later.) It took some
doing, but I finally found the entrance for John's show and [talked my way in
for a couple bucks less than the cover price][18], since walking to an ATM at
that point might mean missing some of the set (or all of it, the way SX shows
go). Said hi to John. His band is emoTAStic but really good. The drummer was
in [Legends of Rodeo][19], and I briefly considered yelling a Legends request
before realizing that would be really lame. BUT! [He played Flags anyway][20]!
[#][21]

After talking again to John for about 3 minutes after the show, [I went over
to see Honor by August][22]. The cool thing about this day was that I got to
see three friends play, all of whom are working their proverbial asses off to
be able to play their music. And seeing them at SX was just more proof of both
their talent and determination. The HbA show was at [a really shitty
venue][23] (most at SX are, since every room with a corner hosts a band), and
they rocked so solidly with all A's and W's. They had one, count it, one small
monitor in front. Michael's mic stand was falling down constantly, the mic
came unplugged at one point, and he broke a string and had to change guitars
mid-song...but here's the kicker --they never dropped a single beat or note!
Not even when the mic came unplugged! Every disaster, even the venue itself
--which made the Cavern look classy-- was just another thing to deftly
navigate around. These are guys that can sell out the 9:30 club in DC. And
Evan, despite looking exactly like some actor I can't place, can play the shit
out of the guitar. Later when I asked John if he and Brian could hear
*anything*, he said they practice to a click track. Possibly the tightest band
I've ever seen (that wasn't comprised entirely of professionals). Helped them
unload off stage, then hung out with John, Brian, and Evan a bit more before
jetting home to Dallas. Was in bed by 3:45.

   [1]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith

   [2]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8664891

   [3]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8687371

   [4]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8687561

   [5]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8700691

   [6]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8700711

   [7]: http://youtube.com/watch?v=XGrtSrlzs38 (like this but more pronounced.it was a small stage. like pigeons, they are!)

   [8]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8702811

   [9]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8709611

   [10]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8710411

   [11]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8744791

   [12]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/389520.html

   [13]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8744871

   [14]: http://www.radiantmusic.tv/

   [15]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8751551

   [16]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8759861

   [17]: http://www.john-ralston.com/

   [18]: http://www.boboroshi.com/2007/3/13/back-in-the-heart-of-texas

   [19]: http://www.mcarecords.com/artistMain.asp?artistid=364 (I find it
hilarious that the MCA site is still up)

   [20]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8811791

   [21]: http://www.songmeanings.net/lyric.php?lid=96313 (in lieu of an mp3.
'Don't pretend to be anything but an American boy who drives Japanese toys')

   [22]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8824921

   [23]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/8832951

