---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-02-19 10:28:00'
layout: post
slug: mp3s-of-the-day-20
status: publish
title: mp3s of the day
wordpress_id: '2010'
categories:
 - lonely
 - love
 - mp3 of the day
---

[Salim Nourallah - Everybody Wants to be Loved][1]

ride your bike from school alone head home fight the tears don't cry you'll
see in time

everybody wants to be loved because,because

in the sun you'll play by yourself be brave time will come when they'll see
your true beauty

everybody wants to be loved because, because

it's not my fault the heart's a tomb your heart's a vault

watch you grow, fall down don't despair, don't drown someone else will love
you like we do

everybody wants to be loved because, because

everybody wants to be loved it's not enough

[Denison Witmer - Are You Lonely?][2]

Read the letter that you sent, but I can't I was talking to our friends, but
I'm stressed Give me back a day, I know which one Where the pink light of your
room matched the pink light of the summer

Are you lonely? Cause I've been lonely Are you tired? Cause I've been tired
Another late night on the phone To remind you just how close we've grown

The drive to Michigan holds weight in me Thought of someplace I could be
myself Though the Midwest feels so tired and scattered We were hurt before,
but that doesn't matter anymore, now

Are you lonely? Cause I've been lonely Are you tired? Cause I've been tired
Another late night in the car To remind you just how close we are

Since you've been away, every day's a phone call, it's an exit sign How long
will you stay? How long will it be until you come back again?

Are you lonely? Cause I've been lonely Are you tired? Cause I've been tired
Another late night in your room To remind you of the lengths gone to

   [1]: http://daniel.iaspiretonothing.com/blog/files/2007/02/Salim%20Nourallah%20-%20Polaroid%20-%201%20-%20Everybody%20Wants%20to%20Be%20Loved.mp3

   [2]: http://happybirthdaydenison.com/music/30/denison_witmer-are_you_lonely.mp3

