---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-05-07 17:38:00'
layout: post
slug: the-logic-of-the-incarnation-%e2%80%93-ie-that-something-can-be-present-while-remaining-utterly-unknown
status: publish
title: the logic of the incarnation – i.e. that something can be present while remaining
  utterly unknown...
wordpress_id: '2144'
categories:
 - faithy
 - truth
---

[Way, Truth and Life][1]

> So what do we mean by the ‘truth of the world’? Simply speaking I am here
referring to everything that makes itself known to us. To attempt to speak the
truth in this worldly sense is to talk of something that has appeared in some
way...

So what is the truth of Christ, i.e. what is it that Christ seems to be
talking about when he talks about truth? Is it possible that Christ is
speaking precisely of something that does not make itself manifest (the truth
of the world), of something that cannot be spoken about via the contemporary
scientific and empirical discourse?

...we can begin to perceive the logic of the incarnation – i.e. that something
can be present while remaining utterly unknown...

So what is the truth of Christianity if it is not something measurable by the
truth of the world? The gospels often make the claim that the truth of
Christianity is life. In order to understand why this truth claim operates at
a different level than the truth of the world let us reflect upon the notion
of life. Upon close reflection it becomes clear that I cannot experience your
life (all I see are movements in your flesh etc.). Your life is not accessible
to me directly but is inferred by me. But more fundamentally my own life is
not accessible to me either. I do not experience my life but rather my life is
what opens me up to experience. While I enjoy my life I do not ‘experience’
it. It is present but not intelligible and therefore not able to be understood
via the truth of the world (while ‘biology’ is a term that refers to the study
of life, in reality it is the study of dead matter for life cannot be found on
a dissecting table in a lab).

...Christianity, whether true or false on its own terms, is not fundamentally
a metanarrative which makes claims on the level of the ‘truth of the world’.
Rather it claims a different type of truth, something which can never be
rendered intelligible to empirical method but that none the less can make
itself known via its presence – i.e. life in all its fullness. Is this not
what we learn from the testimony of the man healed from a lifetime of
blindness – he does not make any epistemic claims but simply shouts out, ‘I
once was blind but now I see’.

   [1]: http://www.ignite.cd/blogs/Pete/index.cfm#737

