---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-10-25 22:12:00'
layout: post
slug: ambient-technology
status: publish
title: Ambient Technology
wordpress_id: '3184'
categories:
 - ambient
 - twitter
---

This oft-neglected blog might appear to be solely about [ARG][1]
marketing/gaming and digital art, but this _thing_ I've labeled as "nonlinear"
since 2001 is finding a new presence thanks to [Twitter][2], [Last.fm][3],
etc. And this thing is getting a new name; I've been calling it **Ambient
Technology**.


I do credit [Twitter][4] for getting us all talking about this. The first good
description of this compelling ambient was [Christopher St. John's post
_Trains, Twitter and MUDs_][5]:

> Twitter provides a sort of continual background feeling of connectedness,
even if the surface messages are often trivial...the act of reading can become
unconscious. You just sort of "hear" the messages in the background instead of
attending to them in the way you'd read a blog posting or even an IM.


Looking at Twitter from the outside, I can see how it seems strange to care
about the minutia of other people's lives. But it's exactly the stuff you'd
get if you worked in the same office with those people. The constant
background hum of all sorts of information, from who's pregnant to who's on a
business trip to Portland to who's broken the build...if you've made the
decision to have a geographically distributed set of friends, it seems like a
very practical solution.

I had already grabbed the term _(textual) ambient_ from [Matt Webb][6] just a
short while prior, but [CKS][7] put just the right amount of narrative around
the concept.


{Since then, I have been a huge Twitter advocate, convincing two
[different][8] [clients][9] to use it, and having almost childlike joy when
finding [someone][10]-I-really-respect-but-don't-get-as-much-[IRL][11]-time-
as-I'd-like-with has jumped on the tweeting bandwagon. (Never mind the almost
dirty-sounding slang that has come out of Twitter culture.)}


**So today this thread appears** before me, thanks to [boboroshi's post
discussing the extant problem of multiple social sites/graphs][12].


{A [popular subject][13], one a couple of local [friend][14]s are working on,
and one that those of [us][15] at [The HopeShow][16] [experience][17]
[every][18] [day][19] [with][8] the [number][20] of [sites][21] we [visit][22]
every day--and we're slacking!}


So I am introduced to [Leisa Reichelt's disambiguity.com][23] and her
excellent presentation on [Ambient Intimacy at the Future of Web Apps][24],
and her excellent post on [Ambient Intimacy][25].


Through that I am introduced to the word [phatic][26] and the idea of [phatic
communication][27], a linguistic structure first developed by [Roman
Jakobson][28].


I also discover how much thought the [Last.fm][29] people [have put into the
idea of ambient technologies][30]. They use the word [osmotic][31], which I
also like.


The other term I've used is **Low Threshold Technology**. I use it
interchangeably with Ambient Technology based on context.


This is a research blog and as such I don't have much to add to this
conversation..._yet_.


{I have been commissioned to write articles for an unusual publication in
another country, and I am going to work this stuff into those pieces and
either point to them or republish them on one of my various locations on the
web. I'm sure I will have more tidbits and will probably choose to post them
here (I have been toying with re-centralizing my web publishing, a cycle I
seem to go through twice a decade).}


In the meantime the take home is this: **If you are in the business of
stealing my attention (which most of us are in some form or fashion), you can
do as much of that as you like, given each theft is very small.** The
shortening of our collective attention span is not a bad thing, simply because
it is not a matter of _shortening_ our attention span. It is a matter of
_freeing_ more of our attention for what is _important_ and/but allowing as
much of what _is important_ through without using up too much of our
attention.


(Ah yes I do have much more to say in this area. It has everything to do with
[media and business][32], which is my passion and my bread and butter.
But...later.)


[links tagged _attention_][33], [links tagged _twitter_][34]

![][35]

   [1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternate_reality_game

   [2]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith

   [3]: http://www.last.fm/user/dealingwith/

   [4]: http://twitter.com

   [5]: http://artofsystems.blogspot.com/2007/06/trains-twitter-and-muds.html

   [6]: http://twitter.com/genmon/statuses/5687619

   [7]: http://twitter.com/cks

   [8]: http://twitter.com/thehopeshow

   [9]: http://twitter.com/islandwaterspor

   [10]: http://twitter.com/riprowan

   [11]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_real_life

   [12]: http://boboroshi.com/2007/10/16/the-issue-with-social-networks/

   [13]: http://www.google.com/search?q=social+graph

   [14]: http://tylerfields.typepad.com/ (tyler fields/momo, who is being
advised by the aforementioned CKS)

   [15]: http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&frie
ndid=116368744

   [16]: http://hopeshow.tv

   [17]: http://youtube.com/thehopeshow

   [18]: http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=6548700718

   [19]: http://myspace.com/thehopeshowtv

   [20]: http://hopeshow.blip.tv/

   [21]: http://mix.jetsetshow.com/profile/SherrySmith

   [22]: http://www.sober.com/

   [23]: http://www.disambiguity.com/

   [24]: http://www.disambiguity.com/ambient-intimacy-at-the-future-of-web-
apps/

   [25]: http://www.disambiguity.com/ambient-intimacy/ (reading all the
trackback posts on this one is going to take a week)

   [26]: http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=phatic

   [27]: http://www.frogdesign.com/frogblog/twitter-the-missing-messenger.html

   [28]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_Jakobson (was a Russian thinker
who became one of the most influential linguists of the 20th century by
pioneering the development of structural analysis of language, poetry, and
art)

   [29]: http://last.fm

   [30]: http://www.quotesque.net/archives/2007/02/lastfm_at_fowa.html

   [31]: http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=osmotic

   [32]: http://avc.blogs.com/a_vc/2005/11/the_future_of_m.html

   [33]: http://del.icio.us/dealingwith/attention

   [34]: http://del.icio.us/dealingwith/twitter

   [35]: https://blogger.googleusercontent.com/tracker/3147579-658885749189669
4982?l=nonlinear.blogspot.com

