---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-05-21 12:56:00'
layout: post
slug: a-head-spinning-loop-of-connecting-paradigms-concerning
status: publish
title: a head-spinning loop of connecting paradigms concerning...
wordpress_id: '2224'
categories:
 - elsewhere
 - faithy
 - imagining
 - lacan
 - love
 - personal notes
 - thinking
 - thoughts
 - word of the day
---

Listening to [Pete Rollins][1]' 2005 Greenbelt talk and reading Renata
Salecl's "(Per)Versions of Love and Hate" at the same time, creating a head-
spinning loop of connecting paradigms between, rather concerning, love and our
relationship with others, the Other, and God (creating for now a separation
between the Other, Salecl's work thusfar {only one chapter in after many weeks
of reading} largely owing to Lacanian psychoanalysis, the questions of what
separates other, Other, and God being rather present). Rollins' posit as love
as a spiritual core, something beyond ourselves, without reason, giving
without return. Salecl's love as narcissistic longing for the Other we do not,
cannot possess. And a desire (self-referencing) for the thread that connects
the two. "For each discourse can be said to be defined by a system of specific
constraints that function as the law of the language; and the effects of this
discourse are the products of the constraints. In the case of the unconscious,
the constraints that function in this discourse produce the libido as its
effect; in the case of ideological discourse, the constraints produce the
effect of (mis)recognition." (Salacl, p17)

Both texts are fully quotable, making choosing a quote or describing any
conclusions without reference to the entire text futile. Salacl's book is
available in part on Google, as is the aforementioned first chapter as part of
another collection. I have not been able to find a transcript of Rollins'
talk, but of course he has an entire book out covering many of the same
subjects, although perhaps the bias of his audience(s) and the subsequent
editing quelled the power of his words.

One tiny piece of the thread is Rollins' reference to ambiguity, uncertainty,
followed by reference to this love, presumably of God. Psychoanalysis,
particularly as presented through Salacl's Lacanian lens, defines love as only
accessible through the impossibility of our desire in the other our internal
lack of the Other. (At this point it does not matter to differentiate or join
the socio-psychic Other and God, a place of thought I have held for some time
now.) (I haven't read enough, but isn't this the common thing with most of
these ppl?) Rollins' (and much of the emergent movement) discontent with a
definable God that escapes mystery confirms the psychoanalytical definition of
love. His high references to love fit nicely into these (admittedly) modern
structures. (Salecl's point is to actually figure out what this means in the
context of a postmodern society, so further reading will no doubt create more
threads.)

So if love is simply the positing of our Ego Ideal in either an other or the
Other, some narcissistic attempt at self-actualization, where is pure love?
What is pure love? Where does that leave our ideas of partnership,
interdependency, family, independence...faith? The "theological" position I
described to my pastor some weeks back, that of love for God as expressed in
love for another human being (in particular a partner), is this just a
Lacanian drama, and a "return" to God just a retransferrence of the _object
petit a_ to the Other in the absence of the other for whom I truly desire? And
what does it matter? What does it mean to then just choose happiness, to
choose love (although often times those conflict), over two hundred years
after it was written that the pursuit of such was an unalienable Right endowed
upon us by our Creator? We're idealistic, romantic humans, but we are humans
nonetheless, and our comedies and tragedies have been played infinitely before
us, and yet we fail to learn from them.

Misc:

After all that deconstruction, here's a new Polyphonic Spree song I'm
particularly jammin' to these days [at this post on Modern Music][2]. Of
course if you pay attention on this particular LJ you might have the whole
album already.

Word of the day: [lugubrious][3]. [Via][4].

Something about broken wine glasses and spilt wine. [Sins of the Father][5]. I
was there, actually.

Finally, Hal Samples, the photographer [![][6]caught by the camera][7] of a
fan.


Update:

Wouldn't you know, later in the day I get into chapter two...

> Lacan thus says [in his seminar on transference]:

>

>> **Desire is at root and in its essence the desire of the Other**; and it is
here, properly speaking, that one finds the impetus of the birth of love, if
love is what is happening in that object toward whom, led by our own desire,
we are extending our hand and who, at the moment when our desire bursts into
fire, for a moment offers a response in the form of that other hand that
extends toward us as its desire

>

> But the problem is that reciprocity never exists between the two subjects.
Even if the loved one returns his or her hand and thus becomes a desiring
subject by subjectivizing him- or herself, this does not mean that we have
reached the harmony of love, since the loved one, although being now also the
loving one, will also search in the other for the objects, the _agalma_, that
he or she does not possess.

(Salecl, 47) (bold emphasis mine)

That's the last thing I've read. But it's already getting good.

   [1]: http://www.ignite.cd/blogs/Pete/index.cfm

   [2]: http://buluthim.blogspot.com/2007/05/new-polyphonic-spree.html

   [3]: http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=lugubrious

   [4]: http://www.emergingchurch.info/stories/cafe/peterollins/index.htm

   [5]: http://www.smallfire.org/ikon_father.html

   [6]: http://farm1.static.flickr.com/216/491003559_4477bfd617_m.jpg

   [7]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/81064761@N00/491003559/

