---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-08-30 11:51:00'
layout: post
slug: wales
status: publish
title: Wales
wordpress_id: '2277'
categories:
 - europe
 - minutia
 - travel
---

Just boarded plane, Cardiff->Galway. Again filled with positive energy and
excitement and hope. Somehow amazed at how easily plans for my trip have come
together and smoothly the travel itself has gone. Wales highlights:

  * The Mighty Boosh!

  * Pints and conversation

  * Sleeping on a comfortable surface (despite having my most comfortable
sleeping arrangements, for 3 out of 4 nights anyway, of GB history)

  * Homemade food (including pizza)

  * Broadband internet

  * Tea

  * Just hanging out with Wood and his family

The last being the point of the trip, wasn't it? It was quite nice to just
chat and laugh and compare cultural notes as it were. I only took any pictures
on the drive out of town, and only a few at that. I was here for the people,
and the surrounding only confirmed that my love for these islands is not
confined to just England, something I suspect will be further confirmed in
just an hour or so's time.

...

It's really all going to be ok.

Or _is it_ really all going to be ok?*

* 2, tops 3, ppl are going to get this.

> Many people wanna make love, make friends, make peace with death. Most
mainly want to win the game they came to win, they want to come out ahead. But
you, you're a rock with a heart like a socket I can plug into at will. And
will you guess when I come around next I hope your open sign is blinking
still.

(St. Vincent, _Marry Me)_

> I got the feeling her standards are too high, so no matter how hard she
tries, she always falls for the same guy.

(Douglas Coupland, _Eleanor Rigby_, pg 133)

...and god I hope that doesn't apply to me...

