---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-01-06 15:22:00'
layout: post
slug: '1916'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '1916'
categories:
 - minutia
 - sad
 - thinking
 - thoughts
---

[gapingvoid personal faves][1]

> Suddenly I realized that my life hadn't changed much in the last decade
since leaving college. Work, bars, cartoons, random conversations of a big-
city nature, second-hand bookshops and art films, the occasional bout of
random or regular sex to tide things over etc etc.

It wasn't as interesting as it used to be. But I hadn't moved on, really. And
I had no idea where to go next.

> I wanted to be "part of the edge", but I didn't want to be "insane with
loneliness". Was one necessary in order to have the other? Was it a price
worth paying? To this day, I still have no answer.

> Within 6 weeks you're sitting at a restaurant with an old friend who is
giving you the "How come you only call me when you're single" speech.

> Early 30s is a great time to be alive- you're still young, but you have
experience. A powerful combo.

The downside is all that weird rockstar shit you believe about yourself is
well past its sell-by date, and if you haven't outgrown it by then, it starts
to fuck up your life.

> There are many advantages of getting older... more money and respect from
the world at large being the main one. However, with all this newly found cash
& kudos comes the idea that maybe the world isn't such a nice place, after
all. That maybe all that unhappiness you see on the faces of your fellow
commuters is there for a reason. And no matter how much you try or how hard
you work, none of that will ever change.

> Being an artist/creative is like wearing funky clothing. Every year gets a
little bit harder. After a while it just looks stupid. Eventually the
stupidity reaches critical mass and the late-night tailspin begins.

> So you're going out a lot. Pretty soon you're going out too much. Parties.
Bars. More parties. More bars. So you decide to cut back a bit, y'know, start
living like a normal person.

So you trade in those wild & crazy times for delivered Chinese food, Forbes
Magazine and Seinfeld reruns. You're just going to try it for a couple of
weeks, and see how it feels. After all, this is a "new you" we're talking
about. A better you. A saner you. A wiser, more sensible and compelling you.

But you know in your heart of hearts that you didn't move from suburban
Cleveland, Denver, Pittsburgh etc to a $3000-a-month Manhattan apartment just
to watch Seinfeld.

In New York, you always think that if you try harder, work longer hours, make
more money, spend more time at the gym, put more effort into networking, read
more books, go to bed earlier, drink less booze, avoid negative people, be
less shallow about the whole sex thing, be more supportive to your close
friends, eat more vegetables and stop smoking so many damn cigarettes, you
will eventually be able pull off that great Miracle Of Miracles i.e. you'll
finally, finally, finally be able to live in Manhattan while simultaneously
leading a healthy, productive, emotionally-balanced life.


I think in Dallas we have some of the insane pretentious big-city shit of New
York, and some of the insane people-who-have-already-lost-their-sanity shit of
say, a south Florida. But without the really famous and/or rich people of New
York and without the really impossibly beautiful untouchables of south
Florida. In sum, it gives us access to some kind of dream without the constant
reminder that the dream is shit and there are only winners and losers. And no-
one even knows which are which.

I have a friend that I am connected to in some kind of quantum-physics kind of
way. She's pretty far away right now and hurting a whole lot. And I'm
simultaneously completely afflicted by it and powerless to do anything about
it. It's like I have all the physical symptoms of depression without the
hopelessly downward-spiraling thoughts. It's like I feel fine except there is
this huge lead weight tied to something deep in my chest.

And no words seem to remotely communicate how I really feel. And they
certainly don't help her situation. And that's frustrating. Sometimes the only
way to say "everything's going to be alright" without appearing the complete
wanker is to say it with one's eyes.

[Carissa][2] posted this video today and it was the emotional equivalent of
these post-cold phlegm balls I'm coughing up today: extremely tangible and
somewhat sickly but so good for having made their way out.

[youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Nv-wAVB5gw]

Sigh.

   [1]: http://www.gapingvoid.com/Moveable_Type/archives/000729.html

   [2]: http://carissabyers.blogspot.com/

