---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-03-18 11:02:00'
layout: post
slug: thoughts-over-coffee-on-a-very-quiet-unhungover-sunday-morning
status: publish
title: thoughts over coffee on a very quiet unhungover Sunday morning
wordpress_id: '2077'
categories:
 - drinking
 - minutia
 - mp3 of the day
 - thoughts
---

[The new Innocence Mission][1] is very good. Now they are going to dominate
[my last.fm charts][2] even more.

[Twitter][3]'s [scale][4] issues remind me of Blogger's early days, and I
wonder: Is it [Ev][5]? Those are the only two apps in the last decade I have
both had so much trouble with and have heard so much noise about ppl having
trouble with. And in both instances they aren't/weren't that big (yet). And in
both instances they're just storing and displaying trivial amounts of content.
I was animatedly telling someone the other day, "You just put another server
in the rack and plug it in! It's not that hard!" Oversimplifying the
situation, obviously, but then, not.

I have been really looking forward to the future lately. A wonderful
combination of peace and anticipation, contentment and excitement*. If [this
little affirmation][6] has anything to do with it, I want more little inbox
affirmations.

*Funny the semantic differences between those two stases* versus "exhaustion
and anxiety" or "boredom and apprehension."**

*Funny how Firefox's spell checker knows the singular form of [this word][7]
but not the plural.

**I'd be interested in more such similar-but-different somewhat-binary
descriptions, you wordophiles.

**...**I have discussed the Dallas scene and heard story lately -- both are
very discouraging. And yet, I do not fear. It feels like the collective We are
drowning the sorrows of a bad night. The evening started off innocently
enough, a drink and good conversation with friends. Then that drink turned
into another drink, and another. We lost our inhibitions a little bit and said
things we normally keep covered up; yet, unprepared for their revelation, they
were revealed violently; had we allowed them free while sober, they would have
at least moved slow enough for comprehension.

So we had another, to try and forget the outburst. But then our intoxication
moved from our lips to our limbs, and we stumble into places we would never
have otherwise. There are people here doing harm in dark corners and bathroom
stalls. Finally we end up going the only way we know--forward--chugging beers
or throwing down shots at the bar until all this absurdity around us
disappears. We stumble out into the street, but we have not accelerated the
end of this madness--it is still dark!

But the sun IS about to rise. It always does. And you will stumble home and
nurse your hangover and listen to soft music. And you will realize, for a
while at least, that happiness is a better companion than drunkenness.

[Innocence Mission - Song for Tom][8]

> You are my friend, though words will fail me here again. The sacraments will
lift us. And we set out in the day again. Oh, you’ll never lose that light.
Oh, you’ll never lose that light. Oh, you’ll never lose that light. Though so
much is gone.

[Innocence Mission - Since I Still Tell You Every Day][9]

> Since I still tell you my every day, my darling, I think you always hear me
from the sweet away, the sweet away. Did you see us picnicking at lakeside in
the state park today? All these things I want you to be part of, darling,
you’ll be.

One song singing through this neighborhood is loneliness. Since I still tell
you my everyday I think you hear, with a perfect vision now, oh with a perfect
ear to me. All my life I don’t find anyone like you.

   [1]: http://www.amazon.com/We-Walked-Song-Innocence-Mission/dp/B000M7FO8Y/ref=pd_bbs_sr_1/102-6353903-0656102?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1174231231&sr=8-1

   [2]: http://www.last.fm/user/dealingwith/charts/?charttype=overall&subtype=artist

   [3]: http://twitter.com

   [4]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scalability

   [5]: http://evhead.com/

   [6]: http://www.43things.com/things/view/1022256

   [7]: http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/stasis

   [8]: http://daniel.iaspiretonothing.com/blog/files/2007/03/06%20The%20Innocence%20Mission%20-%20We%20Walked%20In%20Song%20-%20Song%20for%20Tom.mp3

   [9]: http://daniel.iaspiretonothing.com/blog/files/2007/03/07%20The%20Innocence%20Mission%20-%20We%20Walked%20In%20Song%20-%20Since%20I%20Still%20Tell%20You%20My%20Every%20Day.mp3

