---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-10-05 13:44:00'
layout: post
slug: '2523'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2523'
categories:
 - fiction
 - geek
---

"dedbtddy.exe" is a trojan installed by Love4Evar, Inc.'s "Prego" app, popular
in the late 90's and early 00's. The "Prego" app was, among other things,
supposed to free up resources on your computer so users could "focus on more
important things." "dedbtddy.exe" was originally a forgotten about and never-
executed portion of the "ddy.exe" code, but at some point a nefarious
developer compiled it into its own application and packaged it in "Prego",
hiding its execution behind "ddy.exe", which would at a slow but ever-
increasing rate ferry its requests to "dedbtddy.exe".

"dedbtddy.exe" can effect the system in many ways, but its most common symptom
is resource hogging and spawning new "Love4Evar" processes that steal directly
from the original "Love4Evar" application installed by the user. Sometimes
"dedbtddy.exe" processes exist at lower levels, not stealing many machine
resources, but attempting to interfere with the process threads of more
"productive" applications like Life, Happy, and Survive.

"dedbtddy.exe" is typically impossible to remove without removing the entire
"ddy.exe" portion of the "Prego" app (which in turn is impossible to remove).
There are a FEW documented cases of "dedbtddy.exe" removal from "ddy.exe", but
only by professionals and often involving hours (if not days) of sysadmin
time. Sometimes users are able to install a new version of "ddy.exe" without
the "dedbtddy.exe" trojan. Typically this "ddy.exe" ships with less features
than the original, although without "dedbtddy.exe" performance is vastly
improved.

