---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-03-03 09:01:00'
layout: post
slug: the-increased-micronisation-of-online-personae
status: publish
title: the increased micronisation of online personae
wordpress_id: '2035'
categories:
 - aesthetics
 - alcohol
 - articles
 - attention
 - design
 - development
 - distributed knowledge
 - geek
 - ia
 - ideas
 - information
 - innovation
 - social software
 - software
 - technology
 - the new thing
 - thinking
 - thoughts
 - ui
 - ux
---

Yesterday in my interview we were discussing "good" vs. "bad" user interface
constraints. The "good" example I used was [twitter.com][1]. The bad was of
course myspace...but fortunately (for you) I don't have any more to say about
that.

![][2]The main constraint of Twitter is the length of post: 140 characters.
Not always, but often I find myself wanting to communicate a lot with those
140 characters, and rely on context to fill in the gaps. For example, "[About
to go on a date with three women!][3]" For most, this is obviously a joke, but
what was really going on?! Later I post a drunk/snarky [missive][4] about
being in a room of 9 lesbians. More context that might clue you in that if a
man says he's on a date with lesbians, quotation marks really should be used
around the word "date."

But what about no context? Those twitters are going to be on my public website
soon! What if [my potential employer][5] sees those and doesn't get it? This
is actually a constantly present social aspect of the web--people are fired
for content on their personal blogs, long online arguments are had over an "in
print" slight that would have never found traction spoken with such flippancy,
etc.

And yet the artist in me is so intrigued by these necessarily short vignettes
I can send out into the world whenever the mood strikes, and the narrative
they create, and the gaps the reader must fill in with their own assumptions
and experience. The scientist in me wants to collect data on how they fill in
those gaps...what their reactions are to this small data set about someone
they are (perhaps only vaguely) interested in.

The constraints and co-opted uses of Twitter deserve more attention, but I
need to build a different blog for that in-depth a discussion. But no matter
how it is used -- [as text-ambient or public conversation][6]* -- Twitter
offers a novel interface and is a potentially [disruptive technology][7] that
uses subtlety to achieve that disruption** ...as opposed to brute force, as
[most do][8].***

Online personae and personal representation has been a big part of my work,
and it sounded like there would be more serious work in that area if this
position were to be actualized...and just the potential makes me very excited.

* I mentioned to [kevincmarvin][9] that "I don't mind 'at' twitters when they
are to people from MY friends." Meaning, it's the cross-network,
"@someone_I_don't_know" messages that are annoying. This could be easily
filtered: any @ message to someone not in my friends does not get published to
me. Problem solved. Useful user-created feature of Twitter maintained.

** And I don't mean one's phone beeping all the time...However Twitter
introduces the same attention issues as blogs, etc....attention is another big
thing***

*** Again, need to keep jotting notes down and write something complete for
the oft-forthcoming design blog. In fact, this question of subtle vs. brute
force applies to a lot of different jurisdictions; surely a philosopher or
sociologist has written about this...any suggestions?

   [1]: http://twitter.com

   [2]: http://assets2.twitter.com/images/twitter.png?1172891461

   [3]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/5807935

   [4]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/5810983

   [5]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/5802691

   [6]: http://twitter.com/genmon/statuses/5687619

   [7]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disruptive_technology

   [8]: http://myspace.com

   [9]: http://twitter.com/kevincmarvin

