---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-09-16 22:49:00'
layout: post
slug: the-slack-wishful-sinking
status: publish
title: The Slack - Wishful Sinking
wordpress_id: '2303'
categories:
 - elsewhere
 - local
 - mp3 of the day
 - music
---

![][1]Picked up [The Slack][2]'s _Wishful Sinking_ tonight and it surpasses my
admittedly high expectations. And the lyrics read like someone who's been
watching my life for the last 18 months. _You Deserve Better_, which was on
the Zack Crain for Mayor CD. _Leaving Chicago_ is a beautiful, lonely lament.
His choice of city leaves me with an uncomfortable conviction that I must
embrace, having myself been alone in distant locations left with wonder at
what's left back home.

> falling out with you, it weighs me down with truth...leave chicago will
tomorrow bring a sun to sing a song for spring? now the fear rings in my
ear...

_[Nothing New][3]_ has this awesome Pet Sounds intro eventually landing into
that hook-filled Holt songwriting and guitar playing that we love:

> she smiles at you when she speaks of nothing new. still you won't believe
the lies and it comes as no surprise. she knows the fear it'll break you down.
so now you're here alone and she'll go so far away. still you won't concede
it's wrong. i don't belong to her. i feel so gone today. she won't believe not
a single word but still you want to know will she come around again...

_[Breaking Down][4]_ is a classic _eff you_ rock tune reminiscent of something
I can't quite put my finger on (post punk?)

> you stand in front of me set off too easily you're surely telling everyone
that i'm a bastard...i'll hold you up til you put me out might be better if
you're not around...making plans to be in charge of everything...with all the
rumors that flood the town it's obvious we're both contradicting now all i can
say it's a shame the idiot's to blame and i feel let down and i'm so
alone...i'm so fucking alone...i wish we could stop talking bout every single
word coming from my mouth even though you hear me when i shout i know it's not
getting through...

I like that the record closes with three positive tracks, the beautiful
_Weathering the Storm_ (_i know it's easier said than done but have a little
faith in your heart...i'm staying true to form, i'm weathering the storm_),
which goes right into _The Big Picture_ (_i knew you were the light for me...i
lost sight for awhile but soon i'll find my feet_), and the standout _What's
to Come_

> the wait is the hardest thing to take. i pray i don't make the same mistake
but i'm so lost today. i admit being guilty of the sin. i knocked on the door
and you begged me to come in time and time again. i can live with what i've
done if only for the promise of what's to come...

...like I said...and I would give you that track too, but I want you to buy
this record (and there's not a weak track on the whole thing). I got it at
[Good Records][5], which has it at a listening booth, and it's also available
at CD World. For non-Dallasites, it will hopefully soon be available on iTunes
(I assume in all its DRM'd glory).

The Slack is kind of the answer to all of Johnny Citizen's questions, both
musically and lyrically. But neither of us are trying to be anything we
aren't. We aren't clever. We're just artists, specifically musicians and
songwriters.

Elsewhere: [Interview with Chris Holt][6]

   [1]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2007/09/wishful-sinking_t250.jpg

   [2]: http://www.theslack.org/

   [3]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2007/09/04%20nothing%20new.mp3

   [4]: http://danielsjourney.com/blog/files/2007/09/07%20breaking%20down.mp3

   [5]: http://www.goodrecords.com/

   [6]: http://www.pegasusnews.com/news/2007/aug/22/new-interview-chris-holt/

