---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-02-01 11:45:00'
layout: post
slug: '2124'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2124'
categories:
 - dallas
 - fiction
---

Well Dallas, you did it again. Why I let you do this to me, I do not know. I
want something from you, but clearly it is not mine to have. There are those
blessed and those cursed, and I not the former.

At least last time it was a surprise knife to the back. And there was protocol
to be followed. Remove knife. Go to court. City vehicles come for belongings.

This time you were a fucking Mac truck. I saw you coming from so far away, and
still just stood there in the middle of the road. Your driver even fired some
shots at me as they accelerated from the horizon, Texas style. One in the leg,
one in the stomach, one in the lung. Why didn't I take that as a sign I might
not want to be there when your tonnage arrived to flatten me on the asphalt? I
don't know. They didn't hurt so bad after a few seconds.

And, well, you are amazing. Beautiful and smart and infuriating in all the
right ways. I love you.

Dallas, you say you are afraid I am going to hate you. Well the problem is the
only other way to feel is love, and that's not an option. And you deserve to
be hated. This is a binary emotional world we inhabit. Love or murder. Embrace
or suicide. Get busy dieing or get busy dying.

It's just that the former seems pretty tapped out by now, doesn't it? You have
all these people living within your borders with reasons, connections, birds.
Loves they are so accustomed to that they don't even care that they have it.
It's the status quo. They have traffic and dirty dishes and computers crashing
and lost keys to be upset about. They have no fucking clue.

So why don't you join them. It's a happy place, even if you might not know it
when you are there. You have your birds to nurture and let fly someday. You
have your loves to take for granted.

I don't and so I occupy a special forgotten place in your purlieus. I live
under the bridges. I beg for handouts at the stoplights. Someday I will die.
Most days I wish it were someday already. And I will be quickly forgotten,
there is no heart bound to mine, no birds in my neighborhood. No one that
needs to be reminded how much they took me for granted. Just unharassed
drivers, fleas and ticks and diseases that must find a new host.

One of your small boroughs wrote me, told me I am "...toting this gigantic
bursting heart, generous, thoughtful, meaningful with a wealth of
soul...completely unique...beautiful eyes that make you a horrible liar, even
when what you're thinking isn't so pretty." And I briefly soak their
platitudes and hang their plaque on my wall, but the problem is you are
Dallas. You are the whole thing. And without your love why would I want to
stay? The taxes are high. The roads suck. You loved me once, but now that's
gone, so don't try to convince me otherwise.

