---
author: dealingwith
date: '2007-01-03 17:10:00'
layout: post
slug: '2815'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2815'
categories:
 - personal notes
---

I'm losing her. I knew I would. Which is hilARious, as I never had her to lose
in the first place.

I'm so day-to-day. I'm so moment-to-moment. Yesterday I was rah-rah, tackling
the new year, determination to the hilt. This afternoon, chemicals leaving my
bloodstream, sun setting, a few bricks landing on my head, I call. And as I
pace the red sidewalk and hold the phone to my ear the sense of déjà vu is
palpable and sickly like peanut butter on a desert-dried tongue. What is with
those red sidewalks and me being emotionally eviscerated?

What difference does it make, one's actualization, if there is no one there to
share in it? What difference does it make, to throw one's self open to
intimacy, to the point of risking and experiencing danger and visitation, if
one is never allowed to experience that intimacy? What difference does it make
if moments, stolen from the grip of reality, are more real and fulfilling than
a lifetime of realities lived before, if that monumental, opulent beast, that
simulacrum fallen from the top of the mountain crushes all beneath its weight
of history and decision?

Just days ago it all seemed so obvious: a life of preparation, of perfecting
visage so as to equally reflect that which was given to gaze upon. Now, if all
of life is only to prepare a more comfortable place to lay one's head that
evening, to gather a greater throng to chant one's name, then why not take the
smoke, swallow the drink, bury the needle, and call it good?

I tire of commas. I sit only feet away from where my then-wife called from a
different continent to tell me she was pregnant with another man's child. I
wonder how that could not have prepared me for this.

