---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-11-06 18:13:00'
layout: post
slug: when-you-said-change-i-believed-you-but-i-didnt-think-you-meant-in-two-days-time
status: publish
title: When you said "Change" I believed you, but I didn't think you meant IN TWO
  DAYS' TIME!
wordpress_id: '2848'
categories:
 - brilliant
 - humanity
---

24 hours after Obama was elected [I noticed that the Daily Show was already
having a hard time being funny][1] ([for obvious reasons][2]). Later,
[Carissa][3] said, "I totally expect for him to start emailing every citizen a
weekly PDF with a project plan and a task list" (I'm paraphrasing but that was
the gist).

Less than 48 hours later I get an IM with a link and: "Remember my .pdf joke?
To the right there is _The Agenda_."

Said link: [Change.gov][4]

The design sense alone is enough to give me a little chubby. But "tell us your
story" and "submit your ideas" features, a link to the transition directory,
the aforementioned "Agenda", a _blog_?!

An administration that communicates with its nations' citizens? And executes
that communication so flawlessly? _What is this? Am I dreaming?_ Your
personality alone got me interested in the process again, but now you're
actually going to follow that up? Next thing I know I'll be volunteering for
some public service! _What have we done? Apathy and denial was so...so
**easy**!_

There are of course cynics who will call this propaganda. (If you don't know
that "public relations" was just the post-WWII propagandists' re-branding of
their job, [here you go][5].) But if language like "Be part of bringing
positive lasting change to this country," and "Now the work begins to deliver
on this promise by planning the agenda and priorities..." is propaganda then
hand me a flag and save my spot to watch the parade!

   [1]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/status/992938023

   [2]: http://twitter.com/simonmay/status/993037667

   [3]: http://carissabyers.blogspot.com/

   [4]: http://www.change.gov/

   [5]: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8953172273825999151 (warning:long video, bit I'm referencing is at 8:00. but the whole thing is veryinteresting anyway.)

