---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-03-08 11:42:00'
layout: post
slug: '2526'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2526'
categories:
 - hakim bey
 - meh
 - minutia
 - sxsw
---

[![][1]][2]

[spiderhouse_27.jpg][3]

Originally uploaded by [smallritual][4]

this was two years ago. this year i just couldn't get up for the trip to
Austin. seeing Steve Collins stateside that year was nice. Steve introduced me
to Immediatism via his website a long time ago.

> To be "too busy" for the Immediatist project is to miss the very essence of
Immediatism. To struggle to come together every Monday night (or whatever), in
the teeth of the gale of busyness, or family, or invitations to stupid parties
--that struggle is already Immediatism itself. Succeed in actually physically
meeting face-to-face with a group which is not your spouse-&-kids, or the
"guys from my job," or your 12-Step Program--& you have already achieved
virtually everything Immediatism yearns for.

(from [Immediatism vs. Capitalism][5].) today is a [repeat][6] of about a week
ago for some nonspecific reason. listening to Sun Kill Moon and being sad.

> An actual project will arise almost spontaneously out of this successful
slap-in-the-face of the social norm of alienated boredom. Outwardly, of
course, the project will seem to be the group' s purpose, its motive for
coming together--but in fact the opposite is true. We're not kidding or
indulging in hyperbole when we insist that meeting face-to-face is already
"the revolution." Attain it & the creativity part comes naturally; like "the
kingdom of heaven" it will be added unto you. Of course it will be horribly
difficult--why else would we have spent the last decade trying to construct
our "bohemia in the mail," if it were easy to have it in some quartier latin
or rural commune? The rat-bastard Capitalist scum who are telling you to
"reach out and touch someone" with a telephone or "be there!" (where? alone in
front of a goddam television??)--these lovecrafty suckers are trying to turn
you into a scrunched-up blood-drained pathetic crippled little cog in the
death-machine of the human soul (& let' s not have any theological quibbles
about what we mean by "soul!"). Fight them--by meeting with friends, not to
consume or produce, but to enjoy friendship-- & you will have triumphed (at
least for a moment) over the most pernicious conspiracy in EuroAmerican
society today--the conspiracy to turn you into a living corpse galvanized by
prosthesis & the terror of scarcity--to turn you into a spook haunting your
own brain. This is not a petty matter! This is a question of failure or
triumph!


I'm hopefully going to a loaned office today to work on a complete re-write of
SWIM that instantly formed in my head as I tried to lay down for a quick nap
late yesterday. I'm going to try to use this non-SXSW time to get a large
chunk of that done.

**Update**: a nice brisk ride down to the west end + database design +
building the [models][7] out in [Rails][8]* + finding babysitter for tonight +
[getting paid][9] has all made for a MUCH improving day!

*I am a little scared of learning a whole new language, but damn if I didn't
_get_ it today like I never was able to before. Time to cozy up with that
Rails book I never sold! I'm going to do that and explore some of the popular
[PHP MVC frameworks][10] concurrently.

   [1]: http://farm1.static.flickr.com/21/185133060_ec36392be4_m.jpg

   [2]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/smallritual/185133060/ (photo sharing)

   [3]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/smallritual/185133060/

   [4]: http://www.flickr.com/people/smallritual/

   [5]: http://www.left-bank.org/bey/imm_cap.htm

   [6]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/668469.html

   [7]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model-View-Controller#Pattern_description

   [8]: http://www.rubyonrails.org/

   [9]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/768606042

   [10]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model-View-Controller#PHP

