---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-02-05 12:32:00'
layout: post
slug: you-walk-back-outside-feeling-like-you-just-gave-blood-or-something-lightheaded-from-citizenry
status: publish
title: You walk back outside feeling like you just gave blood or something, lightheaded
  from citizenry
wordpress_id: '2472'
categories:
 - elsewhere
 - humanity
 - quotable
---

[MIRANDA JULY - 2 4 08][1]:

> Here's why you should vote: you are going to really love it, the whole
strange procedure. You get to walk right into a building that you would never
normally be allowed in, often an elementary school. You can pause in the
hallway to look at all the weird school-art and feel the eerie vibe of
hundreds of kids living their endless kid lives right nearby. Then you follow
the arrows to the voting room and look at the faces of the volunteers - who
are these people? There is a hush of secrecy, the voting booth is clunky, the
whole thing seems fake somehow. You consider filling in all the bubbles, like
you did on the SATs. But you don't. You vote. You walk back outside feeling
like you just gave blood or something, lightheaded from citizenry. You are
wearing a sticker that says "I Voted" and you wish you could continue to get
stickers like this throughout the day: I Ate Dinner, I Went To Sleep, I Got
Out Of Bed, I Went To Work.

The fact that Texas doesn't have its primary until it doesn't really matter
anymore makes me feel like it could be just another symptom of being a simple-
minded state..."Don't make me think, just give me a choice between the final
two at the very end."

I want Obama to win the Dem nomination, and while I have "real" reasons in
terms of positions on the issues, there is also just this sense of destiny
with Obama. I normally hate politics, but he makes me want to believe again,
and at this point, that is really important.

Update: [Kester pointed out something important about Clinton][2]

   [1]: http://mirandajuly.com/news/2-4-08/

   [2]: http://kester.typepad.com/signs/2008/01/bush-clinton-bu.html

