---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-01-12 13:47:00'
layout: post
slug: many-thoughts-after-my-show-and-the-chemistry-set-show-last-night
status: publish
title: Many thoughts after my show and the Chemistry Set show last night
wordpress_id: '2445'
categories:
 - art
 - bullshit
 - local
 - music
---

...most of which I will not have the time or right words to share with you the
way I would like...

So last night after my set at White Rock Coffee, which I should jot down some
thoughts about but will do so in a less public forum--suffice it to say for
now **thank you so much** everyone who came out and especially those who sang
along and pounded on tables when asked--I went to [The Chemistry Set][1]'s
last show.

**I should preface all by saying that The Chemistry Set** was (is the past
tense really necessary already? It makes it sound more important for some
reason) one of my favorite bands (and not just in Dallas), and I think I have
a lot of support in that opinion. The songs and records are amazing, the
musicianship flawless, the shows nearly perfect and Stephen is a great front-
man. They were a great band without any inauthenticity or bullshit attitude.
They **were mostly perfect**.

The turnout for their final show was good, but **as usual most of the people
in attendance considered the music as a background soundtrack [for their
_very_ important social lives][2]**. [There was some Art Conspiracy thing][3]
in the other room, and besides I didn't see a single person come out into the
main room for the show. Is it me or is that a little fucked up? I would have
thought that artists, of all people, would have streamed out like children for
the pied piper and stood in awe to soak the beauty that was the sound and
energy coming off that stage.

So much of the Dallas scene just seems like pearls before swine to me, and
it's discouraging. I guess I got really spoiled by my 10 short months in the
[Arlington (Virginia)/DC music scene][4]. (Followed by a quite nice 4 months
in Sarajevo {musically at least!})

I wanted to post some Chem Set mp3's but they're all so good I can't decide on
which...and I gotta run...maybe laters...

   [1]: http://www.myspace.com/thechemistryset

   [2]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/590271592

   [3]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/590397772 (this was anaccidental tweet)

   [4]: http://launch.groups.yahoo.com/group/metromusicscene/

