---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-04-06 14:24:00'
layout: post
slug: to-have-more-clean-fun-on-a-saturday-night-might-require-being-criminal
status: publish
title: To have more clean fun on a Saturday night might require being criminal
wordpress_id: '2570'
categories:
 - art
 - beer
 - bicycling
 - local
 - minutia
 - music
---

Last night we rode our fixies down to Deep Ellum for the Art Festival,
specifically for that all-girls-all-the-time art show and the bands playing at
Space. We arrived to chat with Erica outside the "gallery" and answer a bunch
of questions from a curious-about-fixies new friend. Then we found a spot to
lock 'em up and caught--much to my disappointment--only the last 1/2 of the
last song of the Felon's set.

Then we went to check out said art show. I'm in such a bad place in terms of
art, as mentioned on this LJ, but I still wanted one of the bargain-priced
Cathy Miller pieces that originally hung in my* gallery or the ever-fantastic
Nourallah work. Alas, I can't afford to replace my car stereo or have the left
headlight re-attached, and my two largest/priciest pieces of art are not even
in my possession, so I'm in a self-imposed art-buying moratorium.

Carefully avoiding the Dust (as Sir Roberts so well put it later in the
evening), next priority was Beer. We wandered the Fest and accepted some free
Full Throttle--the most unfortunately-named energy drink ever--finally making
our way down to the liquor store, although not before seeing _more_ Full
Throttle marketeers rolling a cart down the street--"The mob violence at the
Deep Ellum Arts Festival today was blamed on the overabundant supply of free
energy drinks..."

Shiner cans in hand, we went back to the new Hal Samples gallery to check out
his show there. Was casually taking it in, walking by [the _huge_ picture of
feet][1], and about two steps later I said to myself, "Self, you know those
feet!" I went back to inspect, was pretty positive, and after a couple text
messages confirmed. The picture of those feet made me feel many different
things, most of them positive overall, and made for a very nice time much
later in the night ...is all we will say.

We wandered the other half of the street and then returned for the Happy
Bullets set at Space. Sir Roberts sang the first lines of [the birthday song
they did for me][2] in-between songs which [left me utterly chuffed][3]. The
rest of the set was, in typical form, [excellent][4].

Skipping (not literally, I'm just running out of words for "walking") down to
the "gallery" to catch the Lovie "show" turned up both "Dust" and "Settled", a
"small group" of "other miscreants I don't want to be in the presence of" and
a "five dollar" "cover charge" so a decision to bail was made. Before we did
we chat outside with my friend and favorite lesbian for a while.

On to Expo Park it was, where a pint at the Amsterdam Bar were had. I have
only been in that bar prolly 4 or 5 times since moving out of Expo almost 3
years ago. It is a good bar. [Kristian][5] was there and it was good to see
him. The owner of said feet was able to show about 12:30 and so another pint
was ordered and the smokes were broken out and even more conversational
excellence experienced. Along with a very fat nekkid man. As soon as he
retired to the back to re-clothe, _Love Will Tear Us Apart_ played. The night
was officially perfect.

The ride back to the secret uptown bunker was punctuated by the buzz, the cold
air, the darkness, and the multiple shortcuts through parks and rapid curb-
avoiding zig-zags.

...

The best thing I've read today was [Textism: Idea for a hot vertical][6].

> Yeah so we do a user-centric citizen-media social network for women and gay
men who’ve just totally dumped (or been dumped by) their partner, no-good
slackass douche that he is/was/will no doubt continue to be,
right?...Integration with all popular platforms, including Twitter, of course,
except that’s through a proprietary app called Bitter.

...

*Yeah, and fuck _you_ too.

   [1]: http://halsamples.com/blog/files/2008/04/IMG_6510_resized.JPG

   [2]: http://www.carissabyers.com/Music%20on%20Web/Miller%2033/04%20Happy%20Bullets.mp3

   [3]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/783691823

   [4]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/783700130

   [5]: http://prodigalnine.com/

   [6]: http://textism.com/2008/04/06/idea.for.a.hot.vertical

