---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-04-07 09:51:00'
layout: post
slug: not-really
status: publish
title: '*Not really'
wordpress_id: '2572'
categories:
 - attention
 - brilliant
 - bullshit
 - caffeine
 - code
 - constraints
 - development
 - productivity
 - work
 - works in progress
---

[Just ship. Seriously.][1]:

> Of course, telling people what they know (and believe) already is a time-
honored tradition. It's a huge industry in the western world. Telling people
what they already know—and thus making them feel good about their own
prescience, confirming their belief that they are correct, and also (maybe)
encouraging them to do what they should be doing—is sometimes referred to as
"self-help." ...

Heck, I'd even argue that the small token amount of satisfaction we get from
feeling correct and justified and _thinking_ about doing what we already know
we should do is actually _antithetical_ to putting out the actual effort. It's
like emotional _satisficing_--it feels good enough, but with no effort, so
we're not moved powerfully enough by our remaining creative frustration to
actually, well, move. ...

And it seems like the more we talk about doing it, the more we think about it,
the more we know our approach is right and the more we pat ourselves on the
back for it, the less likely we are to ever do the thing.

[apophenia: does work/life balance exist?][2]:

> Increasingly, only those bent on workaholism are valued as employees. Those
who don't push it to extremes are disregarded as lazy in many industries.
There is pressure to work 24/7 and there are plenty of folks who take this
seriously, even if it's not in their best interests let alone the rest of
society's. I get so ravingly mad at my (primarily male) colleagues who work 14
hour days even though they have small children that they never see. It's one
thing to be a workaholic as a single 20-something; it's another thing to be a
workaholic as a parent. I get to see the flipside of that one - teens starved
for attention, desperate to please in the hopes of being given attention and
validation.

In addition to my [artistic frustrations][3], I've also been having some
serious professional dilemmas as well. This in a year when I am overall
achieving more balance than I've ever experienced, and feeling more happiness
and hope than I've ever been accustomed--in other words these frustrations
exist, but I'm fully confident that their solutions await. I'm hoping that
thinking aloud about both here in this forum will help. Both of the above
pieces touched on some of what I'm feeling in the professional arena.

For some time I've concerned myself with working _smarter_, the goal to get
more _meaningful_ work done in _less_ time. Unfortunately I have been
frustrated in this goal more often than not. It does not help when the brunt
of my work goes unrewarded, both from a monetary and [wuffie][4] standpoint.
It does not help that the web has obliterated attention. It does not help that
software _design_ (what I'm good at) and software _development_ (what I'm just
ok at) are two very different domains. It doesn't help that there are a LOT
more jobs in the latter, and that most of the people doing the former are
businesspeople who understand the marketplace but have zero understanding of
the human processes that make software first useful, then beautiful, and
finally _meaningful_, consequently flooding us with mostly crap software that
we either love to hate (hello twitter) or just hate, full stop (hello
myspace).

So, I'm thinking about going into construction. Somewhere in Alaska.*

   [1]: http://www.slash7.com/articles/2008/4/5/just-ship-seriously

   [2]:
http://www.zephoria.org/thoughts/archives/2008/04/06/does_worklife_b.html

   [3]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/tag/art

   [4]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wuffie

