---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-05-25 12:33:00'
layout: post
slug: looks-like-the-ability-to-view-a-friends-collective-timeline-on-twitter-is-going-away
status: publish
title: Looks like the ability to view a friend's (collective) timeline on Twitter
  is going away?
wordpress_id: '2649'
categories:
 - technology
 - troubling
 - twitter
 - ux
---

(Looks like it already has gone away--but I'm unsure if it is temporary or
not.)

[Poll: how many of you use /statuses/friends_timeline/user.format?][1]

> We'd still allow you to retrieve your friends_timeline for the
authenticating user, just not the authenticating user looking at another
user's timeline. This latter method forces us to do a fairly complex query
that, when not cached, can be pretty painful.

How many of you actually make use of this method? Should it stay or should it
go? **I can say that the equivalent view on the web is going away in all
likelihood.** You'll still be able to see who another user follows, but not in
timeline format.

[I so want to be a fly on the wall at TwitterHQ][2]. I've [vented][3] about
[Twitter performance][4] before. Now they're ripping out long-standing
functionality like crazy (hi paging! wait, aren't you a basic feature of every
content-based site ever?), turning off IM for everyone* (supposedly over a
single errant API user, begging the question, why not just ban that
application until things are cleared up?), and getting really [smarmy][5] when
[accused][6] of allowing abuse within their [community][7].

* I haven't enjoyed Twitter over IM for most of the year, [apparently being an
edge case and not worthy of having my account looked at individually][8].

There are two things I will say about the whole thing, 1) it is an interesting
[topic from a technological perspective][9], and 2) having multiple interfaces
--web, (IM), SMS, API--even when one goes down, there are usually options (SMS
seems pretty rock solid, and that was, admittedly, the original interface-of-
choice, right?). Each interface has a unique user experience--since switching
to an API client I've had to carefully adjust "followers" (as opposed to
"notifications")*, since the API-based client gets my entire timeline. When I
step away from the computer, I only get "notified" (via SMS) on a much smaller
subset of people--most of them local. The only issue is "tracking"--which only
works when I'm on SMS, which is the opposite of how I would prefer (and this
would be completely mitigated if IM worked for me). There is no API hook to
get messages based on tracked words, however. It is a feature only baked into
the messaging infrastructure.

* If Twitter is a communications utility (as they claim) and not social
software, then there should have never been this differentiation. All these
people [competing for followers][10] is incredibly lame, IMHO. But then
without the ability to follow without notifications, there would be less
social software wankers and spammers (granted, most of them don't use it as a
communications utility, so in that sense it wouldn't make a difference, they
would still be doing what they're doing) and therefore less traffic, and
therefore less $$.

Will people begin to jump ship if Twitter continues to have downtime on the
scale* of this past week? I'm not so sure. I imagine the people who would bail
would be the very emotionally invested (all of us blogging about it), who have
no where to bail TO, or the opposite--those who could care less either way.

* No pun intended, I promise.

The biggest potential problem would be enough downtime that we get out of the
habit; after all, there was life before Twitter.

Would people pay for a stable Twitter? I think so. If Twitter could create a
scaling situation which favored paying users, or if someone came along with a
Twitter copy that didn't fail, there might be some opportunity there.

   [1]: http://groups.google.com/group/twitter-development-talk/browse_thread/thread/89a7292e5a9eee6d?hl=en

   [2]: http://twitter.com/al3x/statuses/819130952 (Of course it is possiblebecause of their own product!)

   [3]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/667936.html

   [4]: http://whentwitterisdown.com/

   [5]: http://getsatisfaction.com/twitter/topics/twitter_refuses_to_uphold_terms_of_service#reply_503415

   [6]: http://arielwaldman.com/2008/05/22/twitter-refuses-to-uphold-terms-of-service/

   [7]: http://blog.twitter.com/2008/05/our-terms.html (Twitter isn't acommunity, officially. They're more like the phone company. Except not. It'sconfusing. You wouldn't understand.)

   [8]: http://getsatisfaction.com/twitter/topics/im_not_geeting_any_tweets_via_im

   [9]: http://www.hueniverse.com/hueniverse/2008/03/on-scaling-a-mi.html (Istill have to read this entire thing, but it helps explain the original topicof this post)

   [10]: http://www.google.com/search?q=alex+albrecht+twitter

