---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-11-28 12:23:00'
layout: post
slug: thanksgiving
status: publish
title: Thanksgiving
wordpress_id: '2863'
categories:
 - bicycling
 - minutia
---

[![][1]][2]

[Thanksgiving][3],by [carissabyers][4]

Yesterday before this lovely T-day meal I went around the lake again--once a
week for two weeks in a row feels like progress at this point--and on the way
back had to hit [this trail][5] that's not really a trail, just an old rail
line that hasn't been converted back to light rail or bike path yet. It was a
bit thick with stones for my Surly (single speed road bike but w/ thick
tires), so I came home and returned with the Gary Fisher (single speed mt.
bike). South it goes as far as the lake (and from the looks of satellite view
even further). North it turns to constant rail ties pretty quickly, un-fun to
the point of totally loosening up my saddle (which has never happened on even
the gnarliest of local trails). All it would take would be to remove those
ties to make a decent few miles of trail there, from the lake up to Royal/75.
Of course there is already the Spring Trail, so it would be redundant. Still,
I want to know which rail line it was that originally ran there, and the
exploring kind of made me wonder if one could devise a (mostly) off-road
century ride around Dallas, connecting established trails with unfinished
former rail lines with BMX shortcuts with 4WD truck spots. The Trinity River
fire roads could account for upwards of 50 miles by themselves. Then this
morning [this Rapha story][6] was in my inbox and really inspired me to look
into it. First I think I'll look into any other such rides in other parts of
the country.

   [1]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3135/3066176564_4fee3c044a_m.jpg

   [2]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/carissabyers/3066176564/ (photo sharing)

   [3]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/carissabyers/3066176564/

   [4]: http://www.flickr.com/people/carissabyers/

   [5]: http://maps.google.com/maps?ie=UTF8&t=h&ll=32.844972,-96.739412&spn=0.00181,0.004506&z=19

   [6]: http://www.rapha.cc/continental/index.php?page=654

