---
author: dealingwith
date: '2008-09-27 11:44:00'
layout: post
slug: '2804'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '2804'
categories:
 - elsewhere
 - minutia
 - music
---

Crosspost! [Nothing is Linear: The Living Room][1]

> [The Living Room][2] is about the coolest thing I've seen all month.

Last night @[carissa][3], @[geoffroper][4], Tyler (Carissa's brother in town
from [MI][5]) and I went to Fort Worth to see [Fleet Foxes][6] and it was the
_actual_ coolest thing I've seen all month. We arrived at the door to be told
it was sold out but to "wait around five minutes and he'd see what he could
do." Two minutes later another guy came out with four wristbands which he
proceeded to sell us "out back" for $6 over the cover charge (not much worse
than Ticketmaster, when you think about it). We were stoked, having driven all
that way, not to mention babysitter etc. The only issue was they apparently
pulled that deal with a LOT of people, and the place [was][7] [PACKED][8].
Fortunately, [Carissa found a chair by the door to stand on][9] and reported
she "had the best view of any show we've been to." I was by the door but
eventually moved towards the back after having my toes stepped on about 100
times by people who for some unknown reason did not comprehend the situation
and insisted on COMING AND GOING AND COMING BACK AGAIN CONSTANTLY THROUGHOUT
THE SHOW.

But the thing is the Fleet Foxes are SO amazing and SO tight with their
AMAZING harmonies and songs and big instrumentals that they moved me in a way
that music hasn't done in a while. So suddenly the agoraphobia faded away and
I was just washed in their sound.

I described it to Geoff as sort of like if [CSNY][10] had been produced by
[Phil Spektor][11].

   [1]: http://nonlinear.blogspot.com/2008/09/living-room.html

   [2]: http://www.levendbehang.nl/

   [3]: http://twitter.com/carissa

   [4]: http://twitter.com/geoffroper

   [5]: http://www.michigan.gov/

   [6]: http://www.subpop.com/artists/fleet_foxes

   [7]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/936737395

   [8]: http://twitter.com/dealingwith/statuses/936739623

   [9]: http://twitter.com/carissa/statuses/936752218

   [10]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_(and_Young)

   [11]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phil_spektor

