---
author: dealingwith
date: '2009-12-30 23:30:00'
layout: post
slug: 2009-fives-part-2-fails
status: publish
title: '2009 Fives, Part 2: Fails'
wordpress_id: '3056'
categories:
 - 2009fives
 - art
 - cognitive dissonance
 - community
 - constraints
 - consumption
 - corp
 - humanity
 - ideas
 - ir
 - marketing
 - me
 - meh
 - minutia
 - music
 - pet peeves
 - pissing people off
---

![][1]

5. Intellectual property. We have billion-dollar corporations suing house moms
for millions over file sharing while I can't successfully track down a person
to pay for recording a cover tune on my record (despite many attempts). Even
if I could track down the legal entity responsible, we can't seem to figure
out a reasonable way to compensate them for allowing that recording to be
played and downloaded over the web. Meanwhile so-called news sites (aka poorly
modified WordPress and Drupal templates) and "lifestyle blogs" are straight-up
copy-and-pasting their content from other sites/publications/Flickr/emails
/you-name-it. Why bother with writing and editorial staff in the first place?
Just deploy some spam-blog code and be done with it.

4. Nonprofits. From [One Laptop Per Child][2] (which I was an early supporter
of) to the what-was-the-big-deal-again? [Open Source Applications
Foundation][3] (which I modeled my own non-profit after in 2003) to locals
whose cost-to-benefit ratio must be the worst of any charitable organization
ever. There are a lot of high-value non-profit organizations out there,
sustained because of that value. But there are (seemingly) equal numbers of
those sustained solely by their ability to execute on public relations.

3. Art. I could discuss the validity of hanging art on walls and charging
money to take it home all night long (preferably over numerous adult
beverages) but that debate aside, if you are going to engage in such an
activity, please hold yourself to some objective standard. Due to the wonders
of modern technology, it is now possible for any person with a ticket to
Thailand, a DSLR and a handful of free Photoshop actions downloaded off the
internet to create a nice little series of photographs. Hell, [there are
thousands uploaded to Flickr every day][4]. We have the internet, people--go
forth and publish! But art..._art_...that takes work!

Disclaimer: You'll notice I have in the past been very guilty of all three of
the above. Hell...I founded a nonprofit that helped start an eponymous art
gallery and produced software for people to better create, organize and share
intellectual property! The fact that I still have strong opinions about these
areas is because I still have strong passions in these areas and would love
for others to learn from my mistakes. Respect others, learn about intellectual
property issues, don't be greedy. Don't work for fame, work for love and let
your ideas be honed in the great tumbler of the market (if that is where they
truly belong). If those ideas turn into art, then consider their place within
our culture before thrusting them upon the world; trade some of that scrap for
some wisdom.

There are a million great examples out there of all the above done to
perfection. [My previous list][5] should have been much longer (but I went for
quirk over quantity). Creative Commons, Wikipedia, [20x200][6]...and on and
on.

2. My art. I haven't had the time or propensity to do anything artistic in the
manner I would expect from myself. I haven't put in the work (as described
above). Even since ditching some of my previous endeavors like photography,
I'm still spread pretty thin with writing, music-making and coding/designing.
I finally achieved two long-held dreams, professional and personal, but
neither of those involved art. I did [release a digital EP][7] that I am proud
of and [a benefit single collaboration][8], but haven't written music all year
otherwise. I haven't really played out or gained any traction. My web sites
are a mess, I've barely written. I've had some work published in a small UK
publication and that was a great pleasure. [One of my favorite creations of
the year][9] I did in one night, with the cheapest possible equipment; it was
more an act of frustration than intent.

1. Parenting. It's hard work, right?!

I'm afraid those two personal failures will be yearly re-occurrences for a
while, the rock of this unfinished sculpture my little chisel of a life works
against...

   [1]: http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2417/2451979493_d270137323.jpg

   [2]: http://www.slashgear.com/the-tragedy-of-one-laptop-per-child-3067199/

   [3]: http://chandlerproject.org/

   [4]: http://www.flickr.com/explore/

   [5]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/809718.html

   [6]: http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2009/10/21/for-online-art-gallery-20x200-an-unlikely-investor/

   [7]: http://danielmiller.bandcamp.com/

   [8]: http://wakeupjon.bandcamp.com/

   [9]: http://vimeo.com/6828283

