---
author: dealingwith
date: '2009-12-29 22:42:00'
layout: post
slug: social-media-youre-doin-it-wrong
status: publish
title: 'Social Media: You''re Doin'' It Wrong'
wordpress_id: '3054'
categories:
 - beer
 - consumption
 - kill!
 - marketing
 - meh
 - minutia
 - opinion
 - pissing people off
 - reviews
 - sad
 - social software
 - you have no idea
 - you suck
---

It started with a couple few tweets. Which I can't find. But I complained
because I bought some bad beer.

Then I got this message on Facebook:

> Hi Daniel,

Lennie from Saint Arnold here. I saw your tweet and wanted to send you a DM
but you aren't following us. Sorry you had a bad experience with the DR9. I
suppose it is one of those love it or hate it kind of beers. We have been
lucky though that, so far, the response has been overwhelmingly positive. If
you are interested at all, here is what some other folks are saying about it:
http://bit.ly/87B2YF

You asked what we put in it. The answer is: pumpkin, pumpkin pie spices, lot's
of chocolate malt, hops, yeast, and water. Our goal was the make the best
pumpkin beer ever, sorry you don't agree. We aren't aware of another Pumpkin
Imperial Stout out in the market.

We won't be able to give you your, "goddamn $$" back but if you ever see that
we are doing an event in the DFW area please stop by and we'll be happy to buy
you a couple beers. I'm sure there is someone that would love to take the DR9
off your hands.

Hope the rest of your holidays are better that last night. Hope we didn't ruin
them.

Cheers, Lennie

So I replied:

> If the 6 pack was a normal price, it would have been, "Eh, another Saint
Arnold (or any other beer) I don't like." (The Lawnmower is also horrible, but
more in a Bud Light way, and I didn't even ever buy it to try it, someone had
a keg of it at a party one time.) But the Amber I LOVE and have spent $100's
(probably approaching $1000's) on, the Christmas is also quite good and I have
had it on a number of occasions already. I've had the Brown from a keg and it
is rather good although from a bottle it was not worth returning to (but
didn't offend me either).

The trouble is when things are so bi-polar. Amber is literally my favorite
beer to have from a bottle. This Divine 9 is truly the most awful beer to pass
my lips. It's like some kind of bait and switch with you people. It's like a
bad relationship. You're like a woman who's always pregnant but with no baby
at the end of it.

I've had pumpkin ales before. This had no hint of pumpkin. The reason I asked
if it had anise (or some relative herb) in it was because it tasted exactly
like beer with a shot of Becherovka in it. And I like Becherovka, but I've
never put it in my beer. Maybe it is the high alcohol content? Except I've had
other high % beers before and enjoyed them, even. Maybe it is that combined
with the spices? I don't know, all I know is my experience was so bad it left
the realm of the subjective.

I'll tell you what, tonight I'm going to pour a bottle into a glass and put a
"goshdarn" (better?) thermometer in it and check on it every 5 minutes until
it is exactly 50 degrees and then have a sip. But let's just say my
expectations are low.

For what it's worth, I've already had free St Arnold at an event, so we're
even already. That's how I got introduced to the Amber and the Brown. And
since then, some St Arnold's employee's kid has had her teeth professionally
straightened. You're welcome.

And I will probably come back to the Amber after a break. I'll stand there
looking at the selection and I'll hate myself for it but I'll grab the Amber.
Then I'll re-schedule with my therapist and ask her why I like to be in
abusive relationships.

PS. It would be "lots of chocolate malt" not "lot's of chocolate malt," unless
you meant "Lot's chocolate malt," which might be the problem, I think he was
more of an expert in the savory flavors.

To which he replied:

> Wow. You are one passionate and flowery dude.

