---
author: dealingwith
date: '2009-03-20 19:21:00'
layout: post
slug: sxsw-2
status: publish
title: SXSW
wordpress_id: '3227'
categories:
 - design
 - ux
 - video
---

(repost, now with more video)


**[Updates][1]**


SXSW inspired a lot of cognitive dissonance. I'm not even sure I can get it
all out into words. It's clear in my brain. I don't have a lot of time for
really cohesive blogging anymore, but I'll try.


Part of that dissonance might be related to that last thing. There were a
_lot_ people at SXSW with _plenty_ of time to _blog_ about a _lot_ of things
and have _very important_ thoughts. And by "very important" I mean asinine and
pathetic. [That combined with a huge emphasis on panels and "core
conversations" inspired a lot of hate][2].


[![][3]][4]At the same time, I was again _really_ inspired by SXSW this year.
If there was one overriding theme to the entire event, it was this: **Things
suck, but you're awesome**. Most presentations (and yes I tried to stick to
the proper presentations) ended with some variant of [this][5] (and [Kathy
Sierra][6]'s really did).


[![][7]][8]Saturday I mostly played in the Lego pit and hit up [BarCamp][9],
but I did make it to [Designing the Future of The New York Times][10], which I
went to, of course, because of the brilliant [Khoi Vinh][11], but found myself
far more impressed with his colleague [Tom Bodkin][12] ([here's his bio w/ pic
on the SX site][13]). His years of experience in a much richer design process
and culture spoke rather profoundly, I thought, to a room full of mostly
design hacks (myself, of course, included).


[![][14]][15]My first two panels talks on Sunday were _excellent_. First was
[Being a UX Team of One][16] by [Leah Buley][17], which was totally humbling
and inspiring at the same time. Lots of great stuff that I _want_ to do but am
_not_ doing yet in my UX practice. [She has a few preso's up already on
slideshare][18], including this same one given last year. The second was
[Jared Spool's talk][19]. I've seen Jared speak before so I knew it was going
to be good. It was. Apparently other people knew it was going to be good too.
About two rows in front of me was a who's who of web design.


Somehow I missed [this][20] on Sunday, which was dumb of me. After giving the
keynote a miss to go visit [Mellow Johnny's][21] with [Jay][22] I wandering in
and out of sessions until stumbling into [Gary Vaynerchuk][23]'s Q&A in the
big room. I was so glad I did. My opinion of him did a 180. Previously, I
wasn't a fan (go [here][24] to decide for yourself). But seeing him speak live
to that audience I realized, _he's a motivational speaker_, and my kind of
motivational speaker at that: a no bullshit one. Plus he could get Eeyore
excited about life.


[![][25]][26]Monday there was some more good stuff going on, but all I really
cared about was the [Bruce Sterling session][27]. I did go to [Presenting
Straight to the Brain][28], which was good, Kathy's stuff particularly. I have
strong opinions about that stuff, though, and I can't believe no-one is poo-
pooing panels and telling people to emulate rockstars. Mid-day I got to hang
out with @[thedandee][29] some more which was a good thing. Eating, as well,
since I hadn't eaten in about 24 hours. After lunch we both went to the
aforementioned and inspiring [talk][30] by Kathy. Then, Bruce. He was awesome.


I'll be [huffduffing][31] all [the talks I went to plus all the ones I wished
I'd gone to][32], for those who want to catch/keep up but want a filter. I'll
probably fill in some gabs with quick vid or pic posts here as well.


**Update 1**: [Leah Buley has posted the presentation as well as the design
templates she showed off in said presentation][33].


**Update 2**:

[![][34]][35]


**Update 3**: [Khoi Vihn's SX recap][36]. And Mike D, from the comments:
"Jared Spool? Fantastic. Iâ€™d rather watch him talk about peeling carrots for
an hour than listen to five social media consultants introduce themselves for
a half hour and then open up Q & A."


And finally, the most interesting bit, [Carissa][37]'s take on the weekend:


[http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=3757109&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&
show_byline=1&show_portrait=1&color=dd4499&fullscreen=1][38]


[Oh and have I failed to mention my new record that you can download for
free?][39]


[http://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer.swf/album=709791986/size=venti/bgcol=FFFFF
F/linkcol=4285BB/][40]

   [1]: #sxswupdates

   [2]: http://search.twitter.com/search?q=+d-bag+OR+douchebag+OR+douchebags+OR+bullshit+OR+blog+OR+blogger+from%3Adealingwith (I wasn't being facetiousabout the 'I like how starting a blog is the new...' thing, though)

   [3]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3572/3362592775_9e2ec81c1b_m.jpg

   [4]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/armiller/3362592775/

   [5]: http://images.google.com/images?q=your+awesome+who%27s&btnG=Search+Images

   [6]: http://twitter.com/KathySierra (god bless her, I have no idea why shepicked those colors for her Twitter page. to drive away stalkers, perhaps?)

   [7]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3471/3354053054_025d2eddee_m.jpg

   [8]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/carissabyers/3354053054/

   [9]: http://twitter.com/barcampaustin

   [10]: http://tinyurl.com/co8n43

   [11]: http://www.subtraction.com/

   [12]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Bodkin

   [13]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=bio&id=196207

   [14]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3457/3358353079_d0a817851c_m.jpg

   [15]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/steventrotter/3358353079/

   [16]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0900124

   [17]: http://www.adaptivepath.com/aboutus/leah.php

   [18]: http://www.slideshare.net/ugleah

   [19]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0901366

   [20]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0901148

   [21]: http://www.mellowjohnnys.com/ (Lance Armstrong's new bike shop)

   [22]: http://twitter.com/Quadmod

   [23]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0900377

   [24]: http://garyvaynerchuk.com/

   [25]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3442/3362991934_e4c64a3595_m.jpg

   [26]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/debbieweil/3362991934/

   [27]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0901379

   [28]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0900297

   [29]: http://twitter.com/thedandee

   [30]: http://sxsw.com/interactive/talks/schedule?action=show&id=IAP0901322

   [31]: http://huffduffer.com/dealingwith

   [32]: http://huffduffer.com/dealingwith/tags/sxsw

   [33]: http://www.ugleah.com/ux-team-of-one/

   [34]: http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3430/3371990758_efd7a7fae5_m.jpg

   [35]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/rohdesign/sets/72157615703262704/ (these are awesome, as always. self-explanatory if u follow the link)

   [36]: http://www.subtraction.com/2009/03/17/lesson-learned

   [37]: http://carissabyers.blogspot.com/

   [38]: http://vimeo.com/moogaloop.swf?clip_id=3757109&server=vimeo.com&show_title=1&show_byline=1&show_portrait=1&color=dd4499&fullscreen=1

   [39]: http://danielmiller.bandcamp.com/

   [40]: http://bandcamp.com/EmbeddedPlayer.swf/album=709791986/size=venti/bgcol=FFFFFF/linkcol=4285BB/

