---
author: dealingwith
date: '2009-12-31 23:30:00'
layout: post
slug: 2009-fives-part-3-wins
status: publish
title: '2009 Fives, Part 3: Wins'
wordpress_id: '3057'
categories:
 - 2009fives
 - family
 - love
 - mac and cheese
 - margot
 - me
 - minutia
---

[![xmas_2009ii][1]][2]

You know what #1 is going to be already, right? :)

5. My Art. What you say? [That also made my top 5 list of failures for
2009][3]? It did. But I _did_ [release a digital EP][4] that I am proud of and
I _did_ [a benefit single collaboration][5] and I _did_ continue to get some
work published in a small UK publication and I did make a couple [little
videos][6]. I have a lot more to do and not as much time to do it, but at
least I'm not completely stalled.

4. Friends. We made new, good friends and continued and strengthened old, rich
friendships. We had good times. I liked [Carissa's description of one of our
too-infrequent brunches][7]: _This is the time frame in most of my friend's
lives where we're all settling into this world we created. We're settling in
to our ideas and our beliefs and how it's all panning out. We're settling into
our mates or what we want out of a mate and understanding more about what was
so totally wrong with that last boy/girl friend. We're nestled in with sticky-
faced children. We pride ourselves more on our practical functionality and
less on our storebought fronts. We're not so swept away by the masses, trends
or media and can focus on the big and small pictures individually. When we
gather around food and beverage we can connect things from all over and we
suddenly need to take care of one another._

3. Family. Parenting also [made my top 5 list of failures for 2009][3]. But
you know what? The other 60% of the time, total win. And collectively? We
always win. The four of us have little tough spots almost daily but overall we
rock. There is rarely a day when we don't find ourselves all gathered around
and I have these really lucid thoughts about how much I love all three of
these other people and how well we all work together and how happy I am that
we found ourselves together forever.

2. [Collecta][8]. I totally fell into this job but I am constantly amazed at
how much happier I am with my work than I have been in a long time. The people
I work with are incredibly smart, capable and passionate. We're building
something _important_. It's a shit ton of hard work, don't get me wrong, but
this is the environment I thrive in. And we [ship][9] and [iterate][10] and
[ship][11] and [ship][12] and [ship][13] and [ship][14] and [iterate][15] and
[ship][16] and [ship][17]. This, my friends, is the way it's done. As I put it
to the team at one point: _I wanted to mention that I freaking love working
with you guys. By far the most brilliant--intimidatingly so--and fun group of
people I've ever worked with and the most engaged I've ever been in something
I didn't start myself._

1. Margot. I had no idea. People had told me, I had drempt about it many times
in the past, but she's really here. I have a daughter. A baby girl. Who's the
cutest baby anyone has ever seen. I can't wait to watch her grow up.

   [1]: http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4055/4212001953_08d52b1cc1.jpg

   [2]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/dealingwith/4212001953/sizes/l/(xmas_2009ii by dealingwith, on Flickr)

   [3]: http://dealingwith.livejournal.com/809808.html

   [4]: http://danielmiller.bandcamp.com/

   [5]: http://wakeupjon.bandcamp.com/

   [6]: http://vimeo.com/6828283

   [7]: http://carissabyers.blogspot.com/2009/09/brunch.html

   [8]: http://collecta.com

   [9]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/06/18/collecta-launched-today/

   [10]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/07/06/upgrading-the-backend/

   [11]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/08/26/techcrunch-collecta-adds-sharing-
other-social-features/

   [12]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/09/10/let-the-games-begin/

   [13]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/10/16/the-xmpp-real-time-app-challenge/

   [14]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/11/20/collecta-powers-real-time-search-
for-identi-ca/

   [15]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/12/15/behind-the-scenes-soon-well-be-
even-faster/

   [16]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/12/22/start-here-to-find-out-whats-
going-on/

   [17]: http://blog.collecta.com/2009/12/29/collecta-real-time-search-
myspace-edition/

