---
author: dealingwith
date: '2011-03-15 05:27:00'
layout: post
slug: life-is-too-short-to-make-shitty-software
status: publish
title: Life is too short to make shitty software
wordpress_id: '3268'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

The other day I wrote:


"What we do is make software. And software is best made by humans who
understand each other (and by extension understand the people who use their
software). Unless theyâ€™re miraculously made up of such humans, organizations
make shitty software."


And I just had some more thoughts about that:


I don't want to make or work on software that sucks anymore. Life is too short
to work on something that is shit to begin with. Just because a piece of
software improves your process or workflow over the paper version you used in
the 80's does not mean that it is not shitty software. Just because a piece of
software is better than its competition in X, Y and Z ways does not mean that
it is not shitty software. Just because a piece of software just like its
competition except in that one way you need it to be different does not mean
it's not shitty software.


If we are to take our craft seriously, to consider ourselves worthy of our
work, to join in a lineage of artisans and, most importantly, enjoy ourselves
while we work and work in a way worthy of the life we have been given, then we
must make software that is a delight to use, that makes our customer's lives
not just seem to be easier, but actually brings them joy in their lives.


It's not good enough to add the features they want or fix the bug they are
complaining about or improve the workflow that is still--despite your
wonderful technology--a total mess and waste of their precious time.


The problem is most of our "users"...and what a terrible word for these
people, these people we have a (for the most part) unseeing yet terribly
intimate relationship with...but "customer" is also a horrible word! A
customer is someone you exchange money for goods with, not someone who
interacts with your product every day and alternatively praises and curses you
in abstentia, who scours the internet for advice on how to use your product,
who navigates some joyless "customer service" experience in order to better
use your shitty product. Usually, the only way the term "user" applies to
those who use our software is in its similarity to "drug user"--they have no
choice but to use our product, despite a more abundant life calling out to
them from outside the boundaries of this myopic experience.


...The problem is most of The People Using Our Software are within an even
larger set of boundaries: rules, expectations, norms, mores, groupthink,
culture, ignorance...part of the reason we make shitty software is because we
live in a frequently shitty world.


The other day I was riding in a group ride on the service road along I-30 in
east Dallas and I was looking at all the shit along the road there and I
thought of this video:

[America Is F*cked.......(Graphically at least)][1] from [Jess Gibson][2] on
[Vimeo][3].

I don't want this to be a Jerry Maguire mission statement, I don't want this
to be a Fight Club deconstruction of society. I don't want to make any more
movie references. I just want to make great software and I want to be
empowered to do so.


I'm not even going to proof this post. I'm just going to put it out there as
it is, incomplete and probably more than a little incoherent...but I'd love to
hear what you have to say about this, too.


   [1]: http://vimeo.com/1465284

   [2]: http://vimeo.com/jessgibson

   [3]: http://vimeo.com

   

