---
layout: post
title: "Grief"
excerpt: "I've found grief to be one of the most isolating experiences of life"
date: 2016-08-14 00:01:56 -0500
comments: true
categories: 
---

I've found grief to be one of the most isolating experiences of life. And sometimes not just isolating, but rending. 

With those who have not experienced a loss like that of losing a child, there is just an impossible distance. With those who have, our experiences are still so unique, we really only share impossible emotions; our individual stories remain as different as the sun and moon.

And even with those with whom I am the closest, who share the same loss, our experiences of it are also often dissimilar; and often a source of conflict.

--- 

Tonight I found this really well done cover of one of my favorite songs by The Innocence Mission.

<iframe width="100%" height="130" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cf15XIoNvac" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Old days, don't come to find me  
> The sun is just about to climb up over there  
> While my heart is sinking I do not want my voice  
> To go out into the air  
> Did you leave the darkness without me?  
> You're always miles ahead  
> And you're standing in tomorrow on the runway  
> 
> Oh be the music in my head  
> The air around my bed, oh be my rest  
> Replace the small disgraces of  
> The times and places that I never really left  
> Did you leave the darkness without me?  
> You're always miles ahead

---

Those I feel the most connected with are those that have struggled with existential dread enough to have given into the absurdity of life here on Earth, the tragic comedy that is humanity, the Great Contradiction in the sky...given in and succumbed to the loving of the other, and the seeking of Meaning...those that often listen, and sometimes share their stories.
