---
layout: post
title: "Quirks"
excerpt: 
date: 2019-12-11 07:06:30 -0600
comments: true
categories: 
---

From the (always entertaining _and_ educational) _Postlight_ podcast, _Track Changes_...

[Going Codeless: Is this the way of the future?](https://postlight.com/trackchanges/podcast/going-codeless-is-this-the-way-of-the-future)

>PF I have a maxim. Nobody believes me when I say it: every bug’s a gift. Like when they complain, that’s a gift...because you literally are learning what they want. You have to stop seeing the software as a reflection of yourself, or of your business or whatever. 
>
>RZ Yeah, yeah. 
>
>PF And they might not love the heroic narrative that you’ve put forth where you shipped it and good for you. 
>
>RZ Let’s replace ‘bug’. Let’s make that a goal of Postlight’s. Let’s call ‘em—
>
>PF Opportunities. 
>
>RZ No, no, that’s too much [Paul laughs]. Wrinkles. 
>
>PF Wrinkles. Ironing out the wrinkles. No, you and I are getting old and that’s not good. 
>
>RZ What’s like a charming—that’s charming and eccentric, what’s that word? That trait? 
>
>PF Quirk. 
>
>RZ Quirks! 
>
>PF That’s right. It’s not a bug, it’s a quirk! 
>
>RZ We only call ‘em quirks from now on. 
>
>PF And we’re gonna stamp it down with a boot of good coding practice. 
>
>RZ No boots. 
>
>PF That’s the problem is that you have to kill the quirks. 
>
>RZ You do have to—
>
>PF You have to enhance the quirks, adjust the quirks. 
>
>RZ Adjust the quirks! 
>
>PF We’re gonna adjust the quirks! We’re not—
>
>RZ That’s the most woke software terminology. 
>
>PF We’re not gonna fix bugs anymore, we’re gonna adjust quirks! And we’re not—you know, Jira is gonna just become a quirk adjustment tool. [Rich laughs] That is our plan, my friends.