---
layout: post
title: "Twitter"
excerpt: "My first tweet was on December 30th, 2006"
date: 2020-05-09 01:23:02 -0500
categories: 
---

My first tweet was on December 30th, 2006:

> Beersmokebreak

I tweeted 17,113 times between then and November 3rd, 2014. That is _almost_ 6 tweets a day. I didn't delete my Twitter account until the spring of 2016, I thought, but November 2014 must have been my last backup. My last tweet from that collection:

> Tom Conlon in #lakewood #dallas

...with an Instagram link to what must have been my old Instagram account. It's also gone.

I'm back on Twitter, and Instagram and Facebook, but I'm not _really_ participating. There were some people and groups I wanted to connect with, particularly during this pandemic, so I came back to where they were. There might be some interesting _stuff_ on Twitter, and in that personal Twitter backup file, but the signal-to-noise--even in my own content--is too low to make sifting through any of it worth my time.

Another reason to participate on Twitter is for the sake of one's _personal brand_. I don't have one, and I think I'm ok with that. In fact, _not_ being on social networks is part of my personal brand...

The final reason would be to have _actual meaningful interactions_, but as far as I can tell the time and effort required to nurture those on the platform and keep the noise and intellectual terrorists out is not worth it.

---

Reference: [Where Do You Get Information When Twitter Is Gone?](/2018/04/15/where-do-you-get-information-when-twitter-is-gone/) // [Where Do You Go When Facebook Is Gone?](/2018/04/06/where-do-you-go-when-facebook-is-gone/)
