---
author: dealingwith
date: '2001-09-18 17:20:00'
layout: post
slug: '4'
status: publish
title: '...'
wordpress_id: '4'
categories:
 - nonlinear
---

**Introduction, Outline and Resources**


[some figures also reside here][1]


This is my story, of examining non-linear story. I must begin with a couple
disclaimers, both relating to the fact that this is in-process and will likely
continue for years: 1) very rough around the edges this is a working draft and
blog of my research and thoughts 2) also perhaps a bit unorganized however
I'll do my best and this entire exercise is one for organizing this research


While postmodernity has dramatically affected our storytelling over the last
twenty to thirty years, the advent of the World Wide Web has provided a medium
that highlights storytelling in the light of non-linear paradigms. While the
experience of surfing the web is in itself linear, with each link opening
another page within the interface of the browser and "back" and "forward"
buttons allowing us to traverse the browsed "line" we created, the
information, or story, map we follow while surfing can be a rather circuitous
one. The following figures tell the story of non-linear processing on the web:


{Figures 1-4}


![][2]

![][3]

![][4]

![][5]


Not only does the Internet contribute to this postmodern "information
overload" but additional technologies built to keep us "in touch" at all times
do as well: cell phones, text pagers, instant message software, the "ancient"
telephone, even. Soon, our refrigerators and cars will be constantly wiring us
in to the infinitely unfolding story of our electronic collective conscience.


In this light, the traditional scavenger hunt, storytelling, and sleuthing
methodologies were transformed into a new medium. My first experience with
this type of experience integrated film, telephone, and web technologies. It
was BMW Films dot com:


1. BMW Films dot com

[http://www.bmwfilms.com/site_layout/index.asp][6]


2. AI Online Game

[http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=navclient&q=jeanine+salla ][7]

[http://www.cloudmakers.org/ ][8]

[http://thevisionary.net/ ][9]

[http://www.bangaloreworldu-in.co.nz/salla/default.html][10] (link from Google
search) (explore links within)


3. Majestic

[http://www.ea.com/worlds/games/pw_majstc00/hatted_jump_page.jsp ][11]

[http://www.unclerobert.com/innerindex.jsp ][12]


4. Layman's copycats

[http://www.theblackforge.net/ae/# ][13]


5. New storytelling

[http://turbulence.org/Works/media/index.html (explore links within) ][14]

[http://www.submethod.com/ ][15]

[http://www.turbulence.org/Works/apartment/index.html# (view "about")][16]

[http://www.thecomicreader.com/html/icst/icst-6/icst-6.html ][17]

[http://www.scottmccloud.com/comics/comics.html ][18]

[http://www.scottmccloud.com/inventions/machine/machine.html][19]

[http://www.blogger.com/ ][20]


6. Storyboarding software

[ http://www.boardmastersoftware.com/ ][21]

[http://www.powerproduction.com/home.html ][22]


7. Business organization software

[http://www.microsoft.com/office/visio/ ][23]

[http://www.conceptdraw.com/en/ ][24]

[http://www.paraben.com/html/flow.html ][25]

[http://www.smartdraw.com/ ][26]


8. Story-building software

[ http://www.dramatica.com/ ][27]

[http://screenplay.com/products/storyview/index.html ][28]

[http://screenplay.com/products/mmscreenwriter/index.html ][29]


9. Training methodologies


10. Web content management


11. Christopher Nolan


12. Chuck Palahniuk

   [1]: http://www.geocities.com/dealingwith/non_linear_1.htm

   [2]: http://personal.mia.bellsouth.net/mia/d/w/dwm_hope/Slide1.JPG

   [3]: http://personal.mia.bellsouth.net/mia/d/w/dwm_hope/Slide2.JPG

   [4]: http://personal.mia.bellsouth.net/mia/d/w/dwm_hope/Slide3.JPG

   [5]: http://personal.mia.bellsouth.net/mia/d/w/dwm_hope/Slide4.JPG

   [6]: http://www.bmwfilms.com/site_layout/index.asp

   [7]: http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=navclient&q=jeanine+salla

   [8]: http://www.cloudmakers.org/

   [9]: http://thevisionary.net/

   [10]: http://www.bangaloreworldu-in.co.nz/salla/default.html

   [11]: http://www.ea.com/worlds/games/pw_majstc00/hatted_jump_page.jsp

   [12]: http://www.unclerobert.com/innerindex.jsp

   [13]: http://www.theblackforge.net/ae/#

   [14]: http://turbulence.org/Works/media/index.html

   [15]: http://www.submethod.com/

   [16]: http://www.turbulence.org/Works/apartment/index.html#

   [17]: http://www.thecomicreader.com/html/icst/icst-6/icst-6.html

   [18]: http://www.scottmccloud.com/comics/comics.html

   [19]: http://www.scottmccloud.com/inventions/machine/machine.html

   [20]: http://www.blogger.com/

   [21]: http://www.boardmastersoftware.com/

   [22]: http://www.powerproduction.com/home.html

   [23]: http://www.microsoft.com/office/visio/

   [24]: http://www.conceptdraw.com/en/

   [25]: http://www.paraben.com/html/flow.html

   [26]: http://www.smartdraw.com/

   [27]: http://www.dramatica.com/

   [28]: http://screenplay.com/products/storyview/index.html

   [29]: http://screenplay.com/products/mmscreenwriter/index.html